text
thats hella good!
pics or it didnt happen
awk...
probly not, i just wanted to make a status that would get a bunch of likes.
Truth is, we don't talk as much as we used to but you're really sweet and we should chill again!
yep
Finally found the rest of my Halloween candy...
lol, lie
Good call Matt
*poke*
pretty sure abraham lincoln fought the zombies
riight, katie the scholar lady OMG NEW NICKNAME SCORE
12 looks good on you, but better on me
oh shit sorry, idk why that happened
^that was to katie
i already know where u live thomas ... be prepared for a surprise guest
jenelle i love you. hahaha.
There's always another chance...next year!!! haha we definitely have to talk!
truth is...im pretty sure u can figure this out on ur own
You shoulda seen me, i was walkin around lookin over kids shoulders while they were workin just like him. it was baaaad
Haha Jenelly you lil creeper! Hehe just kidding, I love u too :)
Sorry coach, had a bit of a late start today
Dillon, PLEASE go into great detail on those experiences surfing religion class on Monday!!!
it was quite "foxy"
Kaitlyn, wasnt gonna, thomas did for me though
yes... though im far from finnished
hahaha. only you would actually shout "Thomas"
I honestly have no words.
Kairos was such an eye opening experience. I truly feel blessed to have had the opportunity to make new friendships, rekindle old ones, and learn a bit about myself too. Thank you everyone who was apart of Kairos 82. LT4
2 days later... Challenge Backfired
some ppl just never grow up ^
Its sarcasm the word fuck is a profainity
woah there, Thomas, we're all Brothers in Christ. Except for Ari, because he's Jewish. (jk)
truth is.. youve always been one of my best friends & thats never gonna change :) i know i can tell you anything, and you always give me the best advice. i love you sooooo much & i dont know what i would do without you <3 we dont talk that much anymore, which makes me sad :( i miss our deep convos.. so we definitely need to have another philosophical talk about life soon. :) lol. p.s. college together? cal poly? i think YES. if we dont, i will CRY. (:
yess
I need that slipnslide
Thanks! Road trip to Washington this summer perhaps?
Thank you trey
get big grant!!!
Mines already broken...
I was referring to when you said "diminish the respectability." it's so unnecessarily complicated. Just use simple language. You could've just said "I don't mean to disrespect vegetarianism." you don't have to make things so complicated for no reason
My hair is the only reason I liked them ;) haha I was just about to post on your wall
Devin,y u gotta hate on me?:) I'd be a wonderful doctor
My sentiments exactly...
Katie Molyneux why do you like this?
Nice. I got something from u of pacific
He belongs to thomas...
yah sick dom
Watching Hey Arnold! Such a nostalgic show
thanks bro
I only stopped talking to you because i didnt want austin to hate me forever! ahahahahaha, im sorry
u sure it was adressed to u
I'm sorry that every time i see you i shriek in your ear. Feel appreciated that I'm happy to see you just as much as I was five minutes before that.
thats surprising...fox is usually very republican bias...
dubstep sucks
2012... Not too shabby
I can't seem to find this "butt hurt" you're talking about. I call people stupid and ignorant on a regular basis, so that has nothing to do with me being offended
#'MERICA
I'm tempted to get a pair of Sanuks...
yeah Thomas! you have to! mandatory stuff
oh and were gonna move seats
Haha no don't need to I think I'll just give to for christmas!! Since your bday isnt for a while :))
But they are stil words, they do still communicate with people. So they hve to know what the heck they are signing by knowing what the words are and would sound like, so therefore they think in the language that they sign in.
Pretty much sums up the two week emotionally roller coaster caused by birthdays...
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3132971?navtype=ecare
Saw dad's post. Mr. Zeus is not pleased.
Alright alright that works then. I think that your good luck worked because I didn't miserably fail my tests, I dont think
Truth is u gettin big today
how do you get it to say anything but no activity
sry breh i have alot to say bout how ya really good at lax and locker and chillen josh but id be hella long and people will be pissed cause id screw there news feed ahahah
muahahhaha if i tell you then youd be prepared
noooooooooooo
not possible haha
Shank!!! I always got your back bro
D1 lax, lol
So many questions... What recyclable material requires such a specific shaped hole?!?
send another
your a witty comment!
Awww :) I'd post it as my status but i dont feel like doing this a hundred times. lol
yes i can! hahaha
40 seconds in he mentions Walnut Creek
Hahaha it's okay, try and forgive the young and naive... They just don't understand the ways of the world ;)
Lol. bridal, not baby. It's for my brother's fiancé
Riley, you have a girlfriend...
Yess!!!!
I am not! How dare you defame the purity of the trick by muddling it with Skyrim!!!
how r u
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMOcyCLZHBQ
ahhh, I had the same effect after a Tosh.0 marathon...
Hell yes dude
Eminem is the king of rap!!
The shoe for my art final is finally done!. I kinda wanna wear it now...
No, I'm pretty sure I got it right...
maybe we can get him to get picked up in it tomorrow lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLJf9qJHR3E
Good call Matt
oh she is sassin you no
I'll sleep on it ;)
34 and a half hours till Vitality Lacrosse Winter league begins... It can't come fast enough
... I don't expect to convince you w/o a lengthy discussion, especially here, so I guess... I accept your right to hold your own opinion.
u cant make sandwiches but all the componentss are there
I just unsubscribed from at least 5.
Steezy as fuck
Hey, did the giants win the World Series? I haven't seen any posts about it...
Haha just one today and one Saturday, but I'm getting an experience u will never hav with the thunderstorms
don't be sorry, hahahaha
i thought robbie was at like 80 haha oh well... and im definitely still at 99.. idk what you are talking about you winning.. we agreed on that after the lunges
;)
Just finished my Cal Poly app. 2 down, 10 to go...
Thomas, you're so strange...
Um yes
hi
nahhhhhhhh
No, I got an 80 Hahahaha.
oh okay
Yeah! He's a brother in the idiots that killed Him... (but we forgive you)
Thank you based god!!
Eyyy where my inside joke wall post :(
yes
The other hour is set aside for bathroom and snack breaks
hahah you would notice that thomas..
cuz youre gay
Concussed :/
I'll be there
my mom calls her the crystal skull like the aliens from the last indiana jones movie
For the record, I sent off my email waaaayyy before this was posted
2011 is almost over and i just wanted to tell you that... we keep saying we'll hang out and we havent! we'll have to in 2012:) haha more grupalo barbequuess. and you still have to teach me how to catch a lacrosse ball without it hitting my face.
robbie asked to take a picture.. even tho we were denied
lol, i love how i instantly get attacked as soon as i write something sexist
Wtf hahahaha
wait whaaat
one of my top 5 best movies ever haha :)) i chose this cause ya funny and nice
i wouldve liked 99 personally
I still think because you took a picture of him in the background its certifiably creeper status but... it's you
Well he must've lessened the percentage of our grade. Cuz there's no way that I got an A if that was 30% of my grade
ill take your word since i dont know what grooveshark is
thanks K-tlyn. sometimes i just dont feel loved </3
Sadly, that is true
Stanford Rules!!! Mr. Zeus loves him some Cards!
Thanks coach. Almost ruined my Christmas present
Hahahahahaha
i thought that stuff was banned last year?
quad hockey over everything
u cool gtg talk to u later bye ;)
Thomas ur a beast
was it a drawing?
im ok
you have to text me back
I have so many pictures of it
I think not!
touche'. Your like a 2nd son to me ya know.
I'll take grammar over obscure band knowledge
Following curfew #dope
Sorry I can't understand your humor over text haha
Anyone who didn't stay up to wish America happy birthday at midnight is a communist...
TOM!
bahahahaha
Ha
wow, i totally posted the link. where'd it go?
YESSSSS!!!
I love all you guys :)
all is forgiven my cockasian sex muffin
SWAG!! im honored lol to be your sniper :D
So here's your test: How much wood could a wood-chuck chuck if a wood-chuck could chuck wood?
Thanks kev! cant wait to play u in lax!!
its ok, common mistake. i forgive you. toodleloo
truth is u lax and thats cool
....i guess i just dont look at your wall i mean timeline that often hahaha jk
Mercedes=crap
so cute
thats what they call me
Bullshit
alright
LOVE THAT!!!!
Wetbois
Yah bro hella cool and thoughtful comments
Finally we got a qb!! Thank the gods
Tom, only if I was as original as you.
txt me.....boredom
then you shit your pants.
yeah, i just went on a poking rampage...
k
i AM the brains of the operation.
That was a short paragraph. hahaha
IM SO PROUD. :') omg okay yep this calls for celebration tomorrow Katie Molyneux
U know it's true
Yuh-huh!
so creative Thomas Franceschi
i should be one. bc im hungry.
If you're not paying for a product, you are the product ;)
i dont think anne would make the best doctor
If I bike to In-n-Out and back and my displacement is zero and my calories burned are equal to my calories taken in, did I even ride my bike?
I think I might have AD... oh look a notification!!!
that sucks for you... two of my teachers already posted final grades
my favorites<3
4 hours till anyone shows up. It's all mine till then...
hahaha lucky you
Can I get an "Amen"?
NERD!!!!!!!!!
ill wait till it gets more luscious
i want to tell you that you are a really nice guy and we have good convos --
?
Out of curiosity, how do you see yourself? (And Thomas I hope you're at least finding this entertaining.) PS- It's because parenthetical comments belong in parentheses. PPS- Yes I really am using postscripts, because I don't think this really fits into the main point of the comment. Hope you enjoy them.
ill pass though lol
I LOVE CARLY THE MOST!!!!
My history book just called John Quincy Adams a pimp...
So if he belongs to Thomas, and Thomas belongs to me, does that mean I own them both?
(;
...
Kickkkin it - Tom
this is getting soo confusing
All I've eaten today are two doughnuts and three bites of banana... Time to have a few burgers... Like 12...
Art final mask. Had to make it out of entirely recycled materials.
you do but what are they gonna do if you dont
the difference between jarrett's music and mine pretty much can't be any bigger
YES! lmao!!
DirecTV dropped Comed Central.... I don't know how I'll survive without my daily dosage of Tosh.0
Sick Dan, way to rip that from Gabriel Iglesias
They should change the name of fall break to "Netflix and getting a decent amount of sleep break"
yayyyy! whatever that means, yaaaaa!!!
duh. because it's melissa.
post the link
Truth is ur cool. Lucky u playn vitality haha
It's cool, I just like you for your friends ;)
gotcha, a little easier to transport than 3d
Do i need to be invited to comment in on this? I feel a little bit awk getting notifications for the wrong post...
i concur
yaaaaaaa confusing things!!!!! yayyyyyy!!!
Partying with Jerry Rice and Carlton from Fresh Pronce
2. And those who can make Thomas a sandwich.
Ahaha... i get it
#tfm #goldenoakley
i like how you needed the clarification
i dont think so, not right now
if you forget the splitter, me and Dillon will whip you with our earphones
But a true videogamer just beats the crap out of the boss...or is that just me
u snooz u lose franceschi haha
You compromise your intelligence by trying to sound too smart, and you come off sounding pretentious and stupid. But thanks for the thought
oh, hahaha. i cant control that
who invited you^
Ahahahaha
i listen to them on spotify, and u said u like the exact same music as me. sorry totaslly random
hahaha, probably this weekend if Kevin is feeling well
Count me in!
that is a quality comment
Nuts Creek bro
I cant find our school when it asks for the District, what did you type in?
Fox on a Starbucks cup.....I need a life. Lmfao
3 and hopefully 4 once all of my transfers are done
Don't post it
Very true. I love Mercedes
whats that supposed to mean? lol
guess not...
i killed a bandit today and got a skrim job!!!
Yeah. And I think I saw him talk in the lunchline. Still not sure... Lol. I was under the table.
^ dont be a sexist man
k... it was my old favorite music website
do you by any chance use reddit
The one upside was their surprising lack of biased towards either political view!
THERNK YER!
remember when we were best friends?? http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=212869642139415&set=t.100001431743725&type=3&theater
Polyyyyyyyyy
please grant. ive seen this sooooo many times
Medicine Man Lacrosse Giveaway #2 As a way to thank the lacrosse community for their continuing support, we decided to hold a contest and give our supporters the chance to own a shirt before its official launch. Here we will be giving away 1 shirt to 4 lucky winners. Winner #1 will receive "The Creators Game" Shirt Winner #2 will receive "The Medicine Man" Shirt Winner #3 will receive the "Its in our DNA" Shirt Winner #4 will receive the "It starts at the Wall" Shirt Rules: 1. Like Medicine Man Lacrosse Fan Page 2. Share this photo. Be entered in random lottery. 3. Sharing ends 6/18...8pm EST 4. Winners randomly picked by 8:30pm EST 5. Must agree that Lacrosse is greatest sport on Earth. 5. Love the Game, Live the Life, Share the Experience.
idk, you look pretty cool in this photo...
I think you should do my truth is because I did yours first and I hugged you twice tonight lol. Ohh sorry for my friend
dont hate. you know its true
Hahahaha, all of that is so spot on..
beirut is really weird indy
I think it is even stranger that you too, Thomas go to this website. This makes us even more alike.... I am officially scared
jack walsh. gtfo.
for once dom, i am lost...
youre the one with the smily face on the status
pacific isnt a bad school though..
Ford = NASCAR = GREATEST SPORT ON TV
The play...
<3 <3 <3
Watta shocker
I honestly just need to delete my facebook. I procrastinate way too goddamn much.
u gotta be joking....im dead then
YAY:) I need to meet you thomas!! haha
... Meh
Cameron, I saw it before you showed me. We just bonded over it
ME TOOOO
oh yeah, cuz im totally missing out on a great experience ;)
nooooooooooooooo bro y??
haha, i should!!!
Don't cry...
Truth is .. Your way to smart in Italian :( but your hella funny & a nice person to talk too! I love how Reg hates you tho(:
My crotch takes up such a large amount of the photo... -___-
2 and 5
OMFG!!!!!!!!!!
misspelling of Egyptian city Cairo is the most accurate definition
Dear Thomas, I hate how you make like sexist jokes but I still have to like you because you're Thomas. That is all. Sincerely, Melissa
ehh. debateable
I am beyond honored, and its fitting the me and Kevin Koenig are listed as brothers
Jacob, you aree absolutely correct, Ford F-150= greatest automobile ever....
Why am I tagged in this?
enough with the eminem posts....
i suggest we go to genova deli in countrywood.
thomas we both look a little deformed hahaha
I usually add a nice, loud "not in public!" too
thomas, you're such a creep <3
I see what you did there.
Just watched about 6 hours of Fox News with no sign of any actual news pertaining to foxes. Someone's about to get a very strongly worded letter...
Lol in the stands? I guess i have a freakish memory I forget sometimes other people dont remember. I havent been hiding okay wait do you have a seventh if not ill come visit you tomorrow
you have a concussion. i got a concussion first. then everyone got one.
me too
ya wheres tonys tag?
Back off guys, she posted it on my wall! Hahaha
You have to slowly blow dry them with your own breath.
5
pages
It's not like you've been creepin today or anything....
not if the KGB gets to you first...
Rouis and I had the best hiding places!
If Jesus was God's only son but we're all his children... does God think we're all girls???
Get it thomas
I'm honored to be in your profile picture
<3
I hope UCSB is one of them!
I shoulda posted it last night, sorry I forgot
the dirtiest hunt in whaling history
you have a lie jar
and thunderstorms... haha we dont have those in california ;)
robbie
oook
MEATBALLS
dont poke me <3
Finals are like the boss at the end of a level in a videogame, all of your work up to that point has been preparation for it and you still fail miserably...
I put so much effort into it. ironicly im doing this instead of preparing for my in class essay
Well that's a step in the right direction
Disgusting
Omg a whole pack of gum !!!!!!!!! Hardcore. Lol
Do you know if we are gonna have to write essays on them or are we just being tested?
He also gets paid to do chrysler commercials, but he's not rapping about driving a 300 hahahaha
this is a quality post
You have to specify this...
So much Butt hurt in this conversation, its incredibly entertaining. Right Matt?
I concur my good fellow. That would be top-knotch indeed!
About to play a team composed entirely of D1 recruits, and 2 D2 recruits... Let's see what happens. Hahahahahaha
i remeber that last year, did u guys have the hedgehog?
hi i'm the third musketeer and i miss my partners in crime therefore i'll be joining you
italian test?
(Read it as loud as possible)
Thats a lie because those are words...^
i know :)
Stay hydrated
we get notifications about pokes now? Great, now I'm gonna get all excited over nothing
GO THERMAS CERNGRATS
i think there is one
So you got your phone from Reg?
precisely
yes...
three dots meaning there's something else to say but it's invisible to the naked eye? seems legit.
lol, the trunk is just the space behind the seats, no hiding there
I just got destroyed...
thanks grant. hope your teeth feel better soon
https://plus.google.com/_/notifications/ngemlink?path=%2F%3Fgpinv%3DVvLEcHTmWS4%3AuGwqm5sOQhM anyone can use it
Lol i did a project like that freshman year... but i drew the crap too:)
Apparently there are antisemitism pages on facebook that people have actually liked...
you didnt respond to my text so you shouldnt be complaining!
the study guide is there but the answer's aren't
Mario Renteria bring an air horn or Vuvezula please?
Thomas Franceschi started playing Family Feud & Friends iPhone/iPad! Join the fun by getting the game for free!
Im not a train!!! :)
done!
lvl 20 dark elf assassin right here............ and im not a nerd.......... i am cool
hahahaha
American idiot in the city today
You were willing to...
okay let me know then :)
Jacob Nye
Too late... Already made it haha
GOOD :)
Truth is your smartcar is $wag!
yeah, you screwed mine too. haha
Yup. Hopefully my compass doesn't break
justin bartha??? i love him! sooo jealous!
something in my head told me youve probably seen this
Theres nothing wrong with prep schools :)
im lost...
Making a better tomorrow, tomorrow. Franceschi '13
lol, my spotify news feed is all Jarrett Taylor and Zane Dundon, essay jam time....
By said club, I must assume you mean the H english page... which has nothing to do with my comment about friends
Thomas are you questioning our friendship?!?!?!?!?! not acceptable...
a momentary lapse in judgement. i am very regretful
I will!
NO there isnt
my bad...
THIS GUY IS AWESOME
Bad hirpyday
I love amurica! How dare you question my patriotism you terrorist! All I'm saying is don't ruin he trick by bringing it into your land of makebelive!
I'm already having flashbacks...
tom can you be my chauffeur
It's nice to see you too Devin
Good luck
Dislike ;)
@Ari Feldman
I can go on forever
Cris, our boat is named the Steak Dinner
i left that part out on my drawing...
Yeah he is, haha and no. I still gotta do it
.... overachiever...
oh damn :(
Hahah
I take this very seriously. haha
Its cool
not awkward. funny though
i dont think you would go to an eye doctor if you had dyslexia.......
Did I mention it's a movie specifically about black people too?
Umm yes please!!!!! Sorry Charlotte:)
Oh. Oops, wrong post.
:"cc
whoo dat?
and we agreed today he doesnt use twitter cuz hes only in it for the likes
What?? What is our hw for Bob's class?
it shrunk soooo much when i changed the font and spacing back :(
we don't miss you! but come baaaack
:( it was on my news feed... but ya i do stalk you and thomas allll the time :)
;)
how did u know this
Tommy I saw you walking off but you looked like you were dying so I didn't wana say anything
Kyle i unliked your comment just so i could like it again
Thomas Franceschi=sex muffin
For once?
mine shrunk so much when i changed my topic and deleted the whole thing
seriously, why do they think they can trick me? who else could possibly eat the cookies i put out?!?
all my good grades on timed writes are gonna be nothing compared to the terrible one i get on this...
how men are biologically better than women?
That was a witty comment
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3022225?navtype=ecare
im speechless...
Mine lowered 2 points so that makes sense
You think you're pretty dope, huh?
Just saw a commercial for another action packed Nicolas Cage movie. I'm still holding on to the shred of hope that he'll eventually put a movie out worth watching...
:c
i still have the text fromher
^commenst #1
you better be
Stay classy San Diego ;)
I joke, I joke ;)
thomas middle name franceschi do noot be sexist young man
its because arizona iced tea is going out of business
like last year or last year
Cool!
ERH. MAH. GERD.
you and him or me and you?
We need every senior to come out and support Or, The Whale tomorrow in the quad hockey championship!
Thomas should just buy it so we can all go over on a convenient day
mainly just how unobservant your mom is
;)
(no pun intended)
Heres part two;)
We spent 2014 writing and recording this record. It's been a liberating and unifying experience for us as a band, and we're proud of what's come out. It was about songs, first and foremost. And then of course the sound we felt supported those songs best. It was fun. Here it is... Our 3rd album. Wilder Mind – the new album – released 4th May www.mumfordandsons.com Pre-order now: iTunes http://po.st/WilderMind | Official store http://po.st/WilderMind2
tomoro, i start my one hour a day calf only workouts..... Robbie McAdam HAHA
zorad is the best
you want him.
Thanks Matt
No.
HI!
17 anyone?... nobody? Oh...
now*
Whats the summer reading for AP English with Pelster?
do tha babes come with it?
*gasp*!
no, mabye you should make a DC Group
I posted this like last year asshole
Christopher Walken reading the lyrics to poker face, you're welcome
11:25 is your curfew? Thats seems a lil... odd.
Please tell me he'll be at orientation tomorrow. Even if he's not. I need motivation
Penalty flag for excessive posting of pure nonsense! Do some homework or volunteer at a late night soup kitchen. Do something to benefit society. And go downstairs and give you mother a hug!! ;-)
Jacklyn Cooney Hayley Hofmann
Too bad u didn't show us the results for "best sport ever." maybe tennis was in there ;)
Hahaha yeah I got that one too
Government officially shut down, now all of those hours spent playing Grand Theft Auto don't seem so wasted...
i already do c:
Quite horrible indeed
I got it, why do u think i picked the two hour mix for u
*cat
marsha
Can't wait for finals to be over. I plan on playing 23 hours of video games in the first 24 hours of break.
im scared :(
ah congratulations Thomas I didn't know your pregnant
ive basically taken a shit on a few pieces of paper and written herman melville at the top of one
<3
I always respond!!! kaitlyin i fell asleep last night and jenelle you said you were at practice!
MGMT and This Providence <3
our football team?
no...why would i be the first to die??
hehe yeah.. read my update bout it :)
3 to 1 over San Ramon at their house!!!! Redemption feels so good!
2 earthquake statuses in one hour... Zach Wallace
Dissapointment
First impression: Thank god for saving my ass! hella chill and a life saver lmao
:'(
I took this creeper shot of a guy that looks like you in the cafeteria, is he related to you? Hahaha
ok I'm going to delete this just in case my mom decides to fb stalk me
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3061464?navtype=ecare
what I know - Rebelution, here in front of me - Passafire and Santeria - Sublime :) Don't worry I'll add more soon haha
there will be plenty of games... but only 3 more welcome backs ... good choice thomas francheschi.
i hate tests that I have so little time to complete. I didn't get halfway through a single fricken section. meh
Thanks samantha!!
sick bro
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3283346?navtype=ecare
The fact that I know that my mom wont check the orientation of the book shows how observant i am
just a wrist sprain and idk about the rest he didnt say.. we doing 0 period tomorrow?
Congratulations!
is crack rocks, not that powder stuff
Thomas, when your done with laundry make me a sandwich!
Probably riley
and the fun fact of the day? :-)
you dont like angels and airwaves?
Herpy berthder
Oh btw my ratio is like three to one
How's the new X10 working out?
Guess what I'm gonna talk about allllllllllll week?
This may be horribly misguided, but it's a damn good play by Trump. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgOq9pBkY0I&feature=g-logo
thats the only reason i talk to him. hahaha
my cousin goes to bard and she went before she finished highschool
I miss you too. We gotta hang! I'm havin a great summer
i do not, ill probly be in the library or quad depending on homeowrkk
type in the zipcode
96 notifications... sick
Just got a letter from Bard College. They want me to go to college next year...
ya i know... he wants to make himself feel good about himself when in reality... hes just horrible.
This has been my homepage since like 7th grade
Even you say google translate isnt ALWAYS right
i straight deleted the twitter app off my ipod...
I dunno, look it up but its true
You would like this Aidan... smh
lol same, totally new essay. im at 700 words right now...
I know ;)
ur cool
agreed
I know right!!!!
Nicholas Trieu-vy Nguyễn are you going to take photos?
... oh thomas
grand! lol how are you?
American Idiot at Olympic Club today? ;-)
I'll be camped out for the midnight opening!
ouch...
mom stop lying, he's not fake, i saw him at the mall!
Now, Thomas; don't be so hard on yourself.
<3 <3 <3 <3
That's it ?
In america you find waldo, in soviet russia waldo finds YOU!
indeed you were
or maybe you can make me a sandwich...
Fuck that
Then what the hell are you talking about
*during
NO^'
how is that pronounced?
Sexist
Ok that sound legit. O Melissa were you trying to have a conversation with Thomas?
its cool
Lol. Good. Just checkin.
tatatataTOM!
thank you Carly Wohlleb i had a feeling you would back me up on that :)
gge nggggggguhhhh
:D I thought this day would never come!!!
thanks courtney
up*
well thank you very much <3 im glad SOMEONE loves me
?
And the scotch i put out psh dad quick drinking ages ago
i did not make any indirect contact
I didnt even write his name on mine... its so bad one might confuse it for an application to be on the jersey shore
Robbie McAdam is the best dancer I know...
This is going to be the longest 14 hours of my life...
If u can pass the Huguet parents u can survive anything
i love Alex more!
not gonna reply thomas? fine i see how it is
well i just noticed it last week!
read the other possts
real man <3 bahaha
Lol. I tell you I was hiding under the table, and HE'S weird????
i'm surprised you didn't test it on me first..
Hey mr. Zeus I'm sure you've had to do your own laundry at least ONCE in your life! Sympathize a little
whatever, at least i have it now. haha
300 says he doesn't
ur no fun..
Loser^
HAHAHAHAHA
U know I love you, Thomas Franceschi X)
i hate you. sorry i'm a nice person
please stop :)
seriously
Week 3? ;)
I think that government healthcare should cover Jamba Juices with an immunity boost
It's the third word in your description
who was our guide for the bio trip? What was her name?
why yes... yes it did
I was told to get starcraft haha
I get mine out tomorrow!
no like thomas franceshi and robbie mcCadam
8 (i dont really talk to you) and you seem nice and it was funny when ..i think it was you.. who was taking pics of reg..maybe it wasnt you ...idk hahaha.
Jacob Nye
LMFAO I'm so glad I didn't see him
'Merica
not going to happen
Stream or download V.C.'s mixtape, 'The Pursuit of Happiness: Volume 3'! Released on 2013-01-21 00:00:00. The third installment in our "The Pursuit of Happiness" mixtape series! A bit darker than our previous mixtapes, "The Pursuit of Happiness: Volume 3" is filled with a wide variety of emotions, c...
MEATBALLS
When r u going to quote a liberal?
I dont own it, and I havent seen a blockbuster in years...
Late night team slurpee runs are the best
What I say: I've got it completely under control. Don't worry. What my parents hear: I have no idea what I'm doing. Please mention it every 30 seconds and offer to help because I'm totally in over my head.
i will squeez!
T-Fran
???
Who isn't creeping on me ;)
I was going to tell you a joke about a girl, but decided you wouldn't ever get it
touche
but WB might ;)
so i like a lot of stuff? is that a problem? :)
this was going to be on the yearbook
i get pokes sent instantly to my phone... its on
Hahaha I'm friends with him on here, I hope he doesn't hate me for posting it... It was done out of appreciation not obsession
i love mr.zorad...hands down one of the best teachers i've ever had
Coloring all of the communist countries red on my map assignment #TFM
hello cal win
so stoked!!! you can still sign up if you wanna play, tryouts this sunday
Yeah it's not like it was you or anything...
Ermergerd
Party mi casa Esta noche
i'm very proud of you too
yeah timed writes were easier for me, but he grades easier than my 2 other english teachers from DLS, then again, I never had BD.
thanks bro ;)
fine retard... haha jk
Nahh, plus everyone needs to know that the Louvre is really in paris, texas
and i sound like a cross between fergie and jesus
Ohmygawd. Sexist alert. Beeeeeeeeeeeeep!
well you said you didnt want to go to chs so we left without you!!!!
You were in diapers when the spice girls were popular...
indeed you shalll
fantastic idea, troll so hard
hahhahaha idk i just said random names that sound stupid;)
lol, but thats techincally legal
its still on my garage floor. been there about a week and a half now...
I love how Eminem is from Detroit, the car capitol of america, but always raps about owning a Mercedes
Lacrosse, you preppy bastard. Just kidding with you, btw, but no, I hung up the boots as well. Good times though, nothing like house soccer
We all thank you, share your gift with the world
Thomas u gotta get picked up in the smart car!!!!
Get out.
(Alone in magazine section) (Grab erotica book/Romance book)
idk who that is
Truth is, youre one of my best guy friends and im glad weve become close this year. You have the best (and most disturbing) sense of humor hahaha
yea i know, i like their new music, it sounds like angels and airwaves kinda. And that sucks
i am honestly very proud of myself for that joke
ya but i didnt want to hurt your feelings
did you not get my text?
i look just like him!
i have learned we literally have the exact same music taste because your spotify notifications come up ALL the time
exactly
I feel so loved
especially Maddie (;
come onn. pick a better lair picture. you have plenty to choose from.
Hey I do what I gotta do ;)
How did you get it to work
Thats exactly what I was thinking
new poke war starting now? :D
now you're the 3rd person poking me.....
that hippy! hes so liberal i can smell him through my TV ;)
D-Galb
Thanks!
haha<3 grannieee
Thanks Matt
You're too kind, Mr. Zeus.
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/216/7nTnr.png
do we put a word count?
Hahahahhaha. HE CAN TALK!!! HE COULD THE WHOLE FRICKEN TIME!!!
Another banana?!
dont worry, its early and Robbie is going down quick. hahaha
are you going to the concert? in october?
I believe I showed Thomas ermerged. So I'm the real winner here
6
hi
I've sold my soul to Amazon. But seriously this is a pretty sweet deal
Madden with the bro
<3
So not super cool
Cameron...
Franceschi i love u. ur one of my best friends
This made me chuckle
To misquote John F. Kennedy, "We choose to use a different password for every website, not because it is easy, but because it is hard. Now lets kill some Nazi zombies." Vote Thomas Franceschi for senior class President
ive been hiding in plain sight. lol im at carondalet every day
Harrison; Pelster '16
SRV really gave us a run for our money...
nero, skrillex, chelsea grin, and beirut
cool
hahha im sorry buddy!
Don't worry I love you, Thomas doesn't love anyone. He has no soul
Tell me you aren't going to stalk my brother next year
yep
ill text you so you feel better :) hahha
For some reason I feel like you're procrastination-ness has rubbed off on me... Since you always seem to be saying that when we text hahaha
Everyone go listen to Jason Garske's new mixtape!
Clearly tebowing before regs final didn't work like we thought it would...
"just another good vibration" answering your question...
im good. how are you?
wrong Bush...
^worst news ever
tom <3
Im beyond excited
no, we agreed you were at 98, i had originally said 97
May the Lord be with you.
you know how expensive that'd be? and how broken they'd get
Truth is.. I love my Tommy and we need to hang out more! Oh.. And I only like you for your body ;)
i know, some people hate it tho :/
im looking past you tony, remember that
i just followed him. guess who actually signed in to twitter for once?
thanks guys <3
are you gunna be on our team tomorrow?
Hehehehheehehehe. Dancing.
:"c
i think the sad part is, u get excited over notifications...
Its for High school kids only Mr. Zeus
mhm sure. Sounded a little rehearsed! You kept going and going! Ahh too funny!
I hope you weren't lost!
stop commenting on everything invlolving me
So its chill that I'm obsessed with this pic? Kool...thanks lil prof
i think headsets built into a lacrosse helmet is a ridiculous idea <3
Mine isn't working you dick
They don't want it to get out that there not about foxes
when u showed it to him he was stoked
I'm not
If only I saw this a few weeks earlier...
Good call
Be very careful. Two can play at this game. Or three.
This graph knows what's up
I wish it existed on Twitter
So did I. In the Honors English page
^valid point
SIDEBURNS....
always smart
My favorite new thing to do in the store now: When my dad raises his arm or hand or whatever in any situation, flinch. Simply, flinch. Dad- Hey Mike, can you get some bananas over there. (Points) Me- (Flinch) AH!
how can you get it
it shrunk so much when i shut down my computer and turned it back on
http://onion.com/RGaqA5
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3043550?navtype=ecare
sorry, hahahahaha. I'll lie when we text now and always say im doing homework
I got the joke. ;-)
Thank you Mr. Zeus!
It is INDIE Tony, not indy. And Beirut is really good. They're kind of folk.
then why would u post that
U post all these mlib's but u post a status about you doing ur laundry..
Watching Southpark for homework. Thank you Mr. Zorad
check it bro
thomas is missing out on a great convo!
Truth is u will always be my boi and i will always be there for u : )
sweet
santas a real sneaky guy tho, his handwriting is the same as my moms! OMG IM RELATED TO SANTA!
Why was it "nerve racking?"
I really am a flake. Ahaha sorry
Is there a quiz in first period tomorrow?
^DISLIKE
Finally got an instagram, thank you peer pressure. Follow me @st_broseph
ohhh prof.
Yes :)
Happy bday Thomas!
Lift, lax, then panda express. Perfect
Because I'm sure everyone cares as much about this as much as I do
k, no dubstep or metal... im just not a fan but thanks anyways tony
How the fuk do u know every italian word that comes out of prof's mouth and yet u don't even know what the english word PROFANITY means?!
So this is a real thing... I actually wouldn't mind being a citizen of Silicon Valley, lol.
Idk Thomas...
Oh my little Thomas is growing up
well that's just poor taste! hahaha
The o'reilly factor, on FOX news.
youre right, ill do it right now!
okay, let us now proceed to delet these comments
Ok carly...
make that twice...
hahahaha
I was born this way...
Go to hell
So proud to say I'll be attending the University of Notre Dame in the fall! Hopefully this is the start to a long tradition!
Wow look belly, trying to save his but with lame excuses
I was screwin' around with his 7th period freshman cuz i had nuthin better to do
thomas listen up
i told you guys they were real!!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJv5qLsLYoo video one of two for you
Ya Along with the boat, flowbucket and taters
Hey Kevin, gotta catch 'em all
melissa i love how your friends with all of my friends.
google translate silly
Huguet parents?
Mike...
two words: free-form jazz
WOOOOT
Thanks Cierra!! :)
This is awesome!
ty for ya helping hand in science...i swear i just couldnt do it even if my life depended on it..bahah ya da man...thx
I'm grateful for all the publicity haha
I was going to post a long list of college letters i got, but then i took an arrow to the knee
and if so can i share with u
damn it
It's a stretch
I feel bad for him sometimes .. Wtf am I talking bout ? I don't feel bad !
Hopefully I'll see you there then!
dam....who else has a locker
history! Noice
Too excited for lax in Sonoma this weekend!!!
Who got the highest?
YOU BETTER GET A SMARTCAR! AND YOU ARE DRIVING ME AROUNDDD
mercedes is a nice brand
how do -1 people like something
# of mistakes you've made. And that was not supposed to be one of those pound-sign tag things...
I feel like Rob told you to put that
oooohhh, i get it now...
Haha
*this
thanks christian, you finallyspelled my name right!
okay, Anti-semetism aside, that gay comment was hurtful
lolol whatta win
;)
truth is.... thomas! i feel like we haven't talk in such a long time. i miss you! we definitely need to go on another jamba run. i love how we're both are Cal fans. you're really sweet and funny! we should definitely hang out soon. (:
BOTH... ohhhhoho
Only you
why do you have to question me?
Mhm...
:'(
yep
hey thomas you got my sweater right?
ill probly forget them tomorow
i clicked the like/unlike button on toms comment as fast as i could and it told me something went wrong :D i broke facebook
Bring it Tommy!
Haha thanks. It's not like a spent all night memorizing those jokes or anything....
I don't hate you... I don't hate anyone...
So...
Justin do you know who the Ravens coach is?
Cool
I love it, haha
Caps lock: Accidentally turning my harmless "Where were you?" into the creepy "WHERE WERE YOU?"...
i figured that one out
What?
Get league of legends and transform into a douchebag who rarely leaves his house
Home for three days then back to Tahoe for lax #roughlife
That's cool. Nah, I hung up my soccer boots for now, I'm playing lacrosse. Are you playing soccer for Las Lomas?
no problem Thomas Franceschi
It's so weird driving behind the same car as yours. It's like you're playing a racing game and you accidentally hit a button and get stuck in the hella annoying rearview mode...
Thomas this is why we are friends
now mute the video, play 1000 miles in the background, and laugh your damn ass off
wtf for real
Lmao
(comment on it to yourself out loud)
i will forget it now
haha, just poked you
sick Gina!!! way to ruin my joke...
swag for days
Thomas, it's too late, my right foot is gone, he ate it while i was sleeping
oh, yeah Anne, I totally got a concussion so i could be just like you ;)
....
and why was ur coach in shorts and sandals
NOOO. okay. are you going to the game?
well played.
I hate when my parents lie to me... I'm not falling for that "Santa's fake, we put the presents under the tree" joke ever again...
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! asdfghjklbgskehrgnwhnc. <3
did this really need to get posted?
hhahaha, okay
Well I'm 17... Cool?
yeah what period
Well you're obviously creepin...but I kinda like it :)
Hey if u dont hav a volunteering thing u should do the Martin Luther King Jr. Regional Shoreline one on this http://calparks.org/programs/earth-day/ Shane Smith Danny Keane
And i'm not as smart as jarrett so sorry if i did not use my parenthesis correctly.
booo bad idea
Doug from The Hangover was on my flight TO VEGAS!!! my life is complete!!
no, i do, theyre good
what doctor would you go to?
Zakhaev has arrived! Haha
Approved.
I see you liked my status from a month ago, someone was facebook creeping?(:
<3 FOXES
Ive gotten them for 55 cents... Way to one up me thomas.
........but i'm your best friend. thats a deep bond WE share.
In Starbucks with DJ crank, I'm starstruck
^That's an Honors student right there.
Wat time is wednesdays game
not really? btw why were you at a girls toy store?
Oh nothing.
...there you go again ruining a perfectly good status!
You've liked like four things :)
Sadly, yes
ahahaha. i dont think i will be, i usually carpool with grant and its only a 2 seater
hahaha love you thomas that sounds like heaven
Classy
It was a little more dramatic than that... It was more like oh hey, a fox..wait...a fox...THOMASSSS!!!!
nvm
That awkward moment when you realize Buster Posey's World Series winning average is higher than his batting average...
But if you kill me you'll never be able to laugh at my racist jokes again
lol, rape joke?
Gina Marie loves foxes too
next year needs to come sooner! haha and talk asap!
im not lil!
A total of 15 people at occcupy walnut creek today, there taking over
not for me... hahahaha
I'll just text you bout it
hahahahahahahahaha Makenzie Huguet
Thomas, why play video games then, when you can play now? who needs finals anyways?
If the presidential debate took place in my house, there would be sooooo many nickels in the lie jar...
Yolo right?
shut up tom
they dont understand that blink has changed
Humboldt costs 7000$ a yearfor a University of Phoenix degree, thats crazier...
whatd you get david?
thomas i already have this pic haha everyone does
If the pen is mightier than the sword, and actions speak louder than words, is stabbing someone with a pen the most effective way to hurt them?
Oh I know you do;) haha but good
Oh u sexy pedophile teacher u ;)
dom, do u have a gy locker
I should switch from Chrome to Firefox...
Wait, are you talking to me? With the pun? IT'S A JOKE. (How is [i.e. why do you think] that [is] trying to sound too smart?)
this is hilarious!
:)
It's still sad
True story haha
<3
U DIDNT EVEN GET A HUNDRED LIKES!!!!
Hahaha
#goldenoakley
then he would just ask Tessa
Matt!
she texted me and told me to go over and i did
university of the pacific costs 50 grand a year for a non ivy league degree. it doesn't add up
Happy birthday thomas.
3, 4, 6
but seriously, look it up... I really changed it.
That wedding reception wasn't half bad... Congrats to my brother and his new bride
Alrighty well u two can talk it out, I got shot gun
In soviet russia, woman hits you!!
as chill as lax?
all break buddy, they better be rocks when we get back to school!
you can make like soup though. i did that a couple times.
its not like we have a Pelster essay due tomorrow or anything...
my left leg is sore but not as bad as i thought
My dad just called me to make sure I'm doing homework, this would've been acceptable if he wasn't downstairs watching tv...
^this is for Katie Molyneux and Kevin Koenig
Thanks Sophie! and i did have a great day :)
YES BIO WITH G BUTLER
Thomas wtf we have no classes together. Smh that's a problem.
...
shh...
Dont call it flow ;)
no ... you clearly said you werent.. right Maddie Malone???? this is all ur fault.
What's wrong with that?
So proud to say I'll be attending the University of Notre Dame in the fall! Hopefully this is the start to a long tradition!
^^^in fact, deaf people dont even know what sound sounds like
ahaha, your a tad too far away though :(
I still can't. I'll go monday
That's my dream car...
Thanks colby
Actually it seems a bit more sardonic
haha, don't worry about it, I don't make sense half the time anyway
This is WAR!!!
5:30 at YV
Haha flohammed al brosef as shined on your day
It's been a hell of a ride with these guys, glad to finish off the year strong with a bit of hardware #ACRA #NDRC #SteakDinner
Noah, shhhhh
Hahhahhaha classic reguzzoni
yeahhh, we definitely have to :)
?
dude im the one who called you an attention whore first yesterday!! <3
I didn't even see you today Cameron!
:"(
that was a joke, and i still dont know what they are
np grant, the strong gotta stick together
OH didnt see it till now no i dont know them but the other ones i dooo
3rd
FOX!!!! <3
if only
we'll see...
Truth is, Thomas your hair is beautiful, and for some reason very soft
Look what I found on tumblr. I swear I've seen this before....
text me
All good, call me when you are here. 925 586 1477
Just think what you could do if you put this much energy into LAX. :-)
Dope^
KNOCK IT OFF
i am not questioning our friendship, but I don't believe that that was your 1st impression of me. I thought it would be more along the lines of "stupid little freshman"
No it's not cool
Miss you too.
Thanks bro!
yeah, haha. look at my list of inspirational people
There's a basketball hoop inside! Haha I feel like I'm 6!!!!
good
:c lies
hey sick!
More
I love you too :) <3
heyy haha welll weve only talked a couple times but your super nice and your funny too hehe, come back to our class! you never come anymore and you really should!! but yeah we should talk more! :)
It's taco bell time :)
It's what we call out Saturday practices. It's the Mohawk word for lacrosse
i dont have my daily dose of thomas anymore.
How unfortunate.
Were off till like the 8th
Good day
thomas not texting somebody? oh how could this be?! this is indeed the sign of an apocalypse
Swag
1500-2000
And theres no traffic
Awwwww :) <3 Thanks Tiana!!!!!! :)
Hahahaha. I took it anyway
i know :(
oh Thomas
I was thinking the same thing.
no you didnt.
Hahaha okay. Im leaving right after school tomorrow so Friday it is
Boo
Ok they actually are pretty cute
Hahahaha, wow. You must have a terrible impression of me at this point... -__-
im pretty sure the voter is always right
...poke
Actually you would occupy my mouth. Awkward
Dubstep in a commercial for a WWII movie? This country is falling apart...
yeah! hahaha. youve heard it too?
from personal experience, yes
vince
Ain't this tha truth haha
"Have you guys seen the South Park Movie? Oh it's phenomenal!!" -Ms. Stevenson
Congrats! When you coming to visit Mr. Zeus?
Bruh hella gay. saw him on bart today lol
I drew a fox in art class but my stupid phone wont upload the picture! :(
Tony Johnson i win
Thanks Matt!
he told us a story about some Italian soldiers in WWII and the moral was, me and Dane are gonna get shot in the face by an austrian because of jared
i know. he makes me feel bad inside. idk why im friends with him. I love you too.. im excited for our lunch date ;)
Good, has the right hold right? We can meet this weekend for a toss so I can make sure it is all set
yes there is...
gues whos got a new prof. picture! hahahahaha
hopefully the opposite is true for me...
<3
Which of course in German means "a whale's vagina"
the necessities
sure cameron .. sure
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3123198?navtype=ecare
I hope Mr. Zeus doesnt think of me as less of a man because i shared a story about "unicorns" Kevin Koenig
I feel very appreciated. and its cool. lol
MGMT fuuuur sure! they're quite amazing Kelly Seck(:
why does this not have more likes omg
"It smells like... puke from a mule been 'ruminating on asparagus for two weeks!" -Dr. Pendanski, Holes
what whats wrong do u not want to talk to me :(
Just ate barbed wire now I'm thirtsy...Better drink my own piss
ERMERGERD TERMERS!! I sent you a text that said "ERMERGERD" and you responded saying "what?"
yea theyre sick
this guy knows how to use the new facebook thingy
Pro; I think you are hella interesting to talk to. Con; You're kind of a flake hahahahah
See Thomas. I died saving u. And plus, of course Katie would go missing. The answer is Robbie ;)
wow between humboldt and bard college you really are working towards ivy league arent you haha
it's ok, you're special now.
aight. ill make u a CD!!!
Truth is your jus so bro studly and amazing and I love you all bromo and we must hang out more
i never saw them
Steve can say anything after that
are there like sizes?
That awesome moment when you do a double take and realize they actually put your comment in Lacrosse Magazine!!!! I can cross that off my bucket list
Ur very funny Thomas
Yeah youre sounding like a hater
*honorary
That was intentional.
not on billboards....
O thanks don't think that's correct
Only you.
Using "it's my birthday" as an excuse for everything
Whos doin the vitality winter lax league?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0nQu2zu6ro&feature=related
its not available to stream on either
Why is it there
you're wrong tom, eve didn't make sandwiches, kitchens weren't invented yet
I know because I've tried that excuse :)
The way they run!!! <3 <3 <3
but thats ok <
thomas? mind out of gutter? NOT POSSIBLE
awsome
You just sound really contrived and like you're trying so hard to sound smart. And thanks for putting your last comment in parentheses. That really helped in the delivery. You must be quite the scholar with your extensive knowledge of punctuation
:D yeah Thomas Franceschi
Yeah my login isn't working
(thats what you get for doing that to Katie Molyneux)
Thank god ya Guido
THOMASSS! <3 Seriously buddy I love how close we become over this past year I guess haha. I think you're so sweet and funny when you don't try to be :) and you have pretty good taste in music... Almost as good as me.. ;) haha you still gotta listen to the Nicki Minaj song! And I think one day you will become a famous white rapper with awesome artistic skills hehe love youu <3
I has those this morning too!!
Like father like son
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step"
Like: your hilarious & an Italian genius. Dislike: we never talk lol
GRAND
11:00 is the driving curfew, I got home at 10:58. Sorry I didn't post a status immediately after I got home
hi dan
Christmas with the cousins
lol, it took me a while to compose this status
HAHAHAHAH! Omg made my day!
if there's a day that we don't have any finals, like we already took both finals, do we need to still show up to school?
Deep thought thursday night?
http://electronicdancemusic.com/nero-uk/nero-essential-mix-first-broadcast-nov-2010/ So you like Nero huh?
Carlton from Fresh Prince of Bel Air, Jerry Rice, and the CEO of Sprint all singing on stage together... Yeah tonight was kinda awesome...
no comment...
no?
Only the QB has one to talk the coach about plays lacrosse isn't the same as football
yeah! :D
Question: How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart? Answer: When she starts her sentence with, “A man once told me…”
Katie Molyneux this was 100% aimed at him. lol
This is the only thing I've gotten.
what?
im great now ;)
Just ate meat for the first time since Saturday, I don't know how vegetarians do it...
too late, its forever ruined. and you didnt even like my status...
your insane
yeah franchesci!
its 2d
ya dan, i mean he's obviously husky, not fluffy
I can't tomorrow. sorry
misleading bastards!!!
Fox in art class, life = complete...
Hahahahahahahahaha
oh ho ho ho ho <3
nowhere was fox news to cover the story
Going through my lacrosse bag for the first time in a month, I finally found my mouth guard... In my cup... FML
Curse the invasion...
Thomas Franceschi what's your address... I wanna turn
damnit
after school tomorrow i shall venture for a couple minutes to de la salle to see you, feel extremely special
100 bucks says Harbaugh wins the Super Bowl
umm...actually it is.
8.6
Does he get notifications about comments if he's tagged in a post?
nobody could fill our shoes i guess
girls are attacked too often its our natural defense system
but i posted it
o cameron... look at you
Like*
hahahaha! :)
lol yeah and i was feeling strong
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3132970?navtype=ecare
Hahahahahahahah
I believe it's babes but ya
Haha you better be! :p
zane looks like he's plotting something evil instead of holding up the correct hand sign
Mom walks in to check on me, close facebook and open real book. Doesn't notice I'm reading the book upside down and walks out #winning
Congrats my boy! Great school and they're lucky to have you! Go Irish!
ahahaha. heres a list of womens rights in my opinion 1. 2. 3. (notice how there are none)
i know, im just fantasticly stalkable
Yeah. It was pretty funny haha. And you can tell a lot of people complain about him cuz you'd hear people saying, "Ohhhh! So that's who Mr. Rigatoni is!!!!"
i had like a million spaces but i guess they were deleted.... so much for that joke :(((
comments*
http://xkcd.com/887/ This is what we have to look forward too...
did i ask for your input? go make me a sandwich
You'll always be my best bud <3
Hypocricy thy name is parentage
You're such a fag
Its quite sad that theyre lying to the american public, open your eyes!!!!
I love how he hates me too... Hahaha
Ahhhh... I love when we love all races
honors bio built character
its supposed to be 2000ish right?
do you get it Gina?
Yeah, right under my beanie baby collection. Hahahaha
shhhh
Gonna be a good year
Steak Dinner in full on family mode the day before ACRAs #FamilyMeals #ACRA #NDRC #ThisIsTheMealThatWillWinUsACRA
what?
Today was pretty good, for a Monday :)
You shoulda been here this year.
Can you and katie introduce us so i dont have nightmares now please
remeber the epic basketball game in there.. we won
Finally home from the U.S. Open, what a day. Watched Tiger, Phil, and Bubba play in person, totally unreal.
Why was this again? Its like my religion teacher and my english one
yeah, that's poody. I need to get a 92% on my geo final to get a C-
ill wear my invisibility cloak
Hey at least you got cupcakes out of it!
even google translate says should go put ON makeup.
False. He loves me the most
Aww thanks for the advice text :)
nope
Thanks kate
Boulder
but i do it intentionaly! ;)
dudes to chicks?
Yeah doing it again!
Eff! i dont remember anything form when i was six!!
hes not fat, hes fluffy
I love how all my friend's parents know who I am without ever meeting me...
.....so is ur hair
oooo my mistake
Kaitlyn you missed him in it. he barely fit! lol :p
I wouldn't.
Yes, please, explain to the public, do you have any inside jokes? Wanna see a magic trick?
darnit! make that thrice
yeah, dont want this illegal stuff coming out on facebook. keep it private. good call thomas
Sea Unicorns?!?
sick status ;)
Now i just need to twa...tweet ;)
Seeing Robin Williams live stand-up on Saturday! Too stoked!!!
...
who tweets these?
hes lying
whats a notification?
i thought i posted this in the group, awk...
proffin'
Thanks Matt
i know, i thought i looked older...
Bahaha, he's talking about Obama...
Like jello in a microwave
how about til next thursday? that sounds good
Don't u have some studying to do or something?
please. that number was meant for me.
so i want to watch it because it matters now
Not true. Robbie did nothing. Haha and I'm the one who recognized him
Hahaha! Mine too ;)
sorry, just wait till i get my liscense. lol
I should never do creative writing after midnight, it gets too... creative...
It's such a horrible representation of what you actually learned in the class. Like one student may be understanding it perfectly, but freezes up on tests (cough cough, me) and messes up real bad on it. Subsequently, you get a poopy grade... but that doesn't accurately show what you achieved in the class room. -.- gaaahh school sucks.
There's no arguing with that logic
well i did another hour of running after we finished so it just compunded
Thanks sasha! come home soon!!! :)
not for me...
What I say: Please close my door What my parents hear: Please leave my door just a crack open so it bothers me extremely to the point where I will eventually get up and close it myself
pretty sure theres more status about how sick everyone is of earthquake statuses than actual earthquake statuses.
He makes a good point...
i think it would be honorable if u sacraficed ya self thomas to save us lol jk
Hahahaha
youre never right...
I'm guessing it'll be on Mayan time, so we'll just have to wait and see.
only have to show up to school another 171 more times before summer...
so cheap its redunkulos
I leave at 8 for lax and I find this in my driveway when I get home. Original Willie's Jeep from WWII. So many questions...
hes one of my inspirational people
Notre Dame has a robotic football team! Because, Notre Dame
"i had a bowl of nails for breakfast" "so?" "without any milk"
Well now you must hate me... :""(
WAIT OHMYGOD YES
well thats because you never text me anymore thomas
everyday on news feed it says ur on some internet radio listening to eminem lol
I did.
Guess what I'm watching right now? ;-)
well then does anyone know what % guthrie's final is, or stevensons
That's what I said. With other words as well.
you were sooo funny today! you had me crying! I thought I'd let you know how amazing and funny you are! :)
They are serious questions.. he just chooses to elaberate haha
Franchesci, what'd u get on plan?
Sorry we love america
"Saving Private Tyrone"
How do I get in?
real talk franceschi
and they also used the word overbig..
It was an accident
I wanna picture with it :)
#lame
I know Jacob, I know...
Bad idea
Or it explains why you are how you are.
Thomas....
do you?
who says hella anymore... sounds wierd now
MC Lars show was sooooo good!!! A white guy rapping about video games, the east bay, and 19th century literature, I can kinda relate to that...
Fleet week
Im gunna kill u
No offense intended, to either of you, since I don't know. I'm just being honest.
thank St. Broseph for the ability to delete comments
so super cool
AP testing
You bitch I showed you that video
Jesus these foxes just show up everywhere.
my backpack calls the trunk, sorry
Fair enough. Haha
Truth is...you are a super stubborn boy! Your a pretty dope person and you me and Kaitlyn Pahler need to go out to lunch with Mr. Reg and kiss up. sounds good? yes i think so. OH ps i miss your flow..
illlll go tomoroooooo
well i wasnt gonnna tag him
check
We are the 95%! Let's occupy Cameron's lawn!
yusssss
SHUTUP Dan! you're Jack Walsh!!!!
Ya well I have a personal race course in my room. I race my lambos on them when I have friends over
Goin to the Big Game! Get 'em Bears!!!p
There are 2 kinds of people in this world: 1. Those who can finish lists
Whatever language they talk in...?
omg. completely true.
i dont htink i can
well i got a letter to go to the college of winterhold, i heard its cold there
I
its not my fault!!!
started from the bottom now im... here
I know, thanks bro
Good job Thomas.
Breh I am half way through my Stride pack.... STRIDE
post the video!
Is Franco serious about recording pages 9 and 10 from La Collana?? Did you do it yet?
Before 2011 ends I must admit ... (: [] I used to have a crush on you [x] I like you (as a friend) [] I think we should date [..x] I like your profile picture [.x] you're cute [x] we should be best friends [x] i wanna get to know you better [..x] You're a stranger and we need to change that [] you're gorgeous [x] you're funny [x] we need to hang out!! [] your amazing [] i love you ♥ [] i miss you [] you should give me your number [x] you've made me smile before [] you've made me mad before [x] i would hug you [] I would kiss you [] I strongly dislike you [] I'd marry you on fb [] i have no clue who you are
Perhaps
Same!!!!
It was a lack of realization, I am just not a member of said club. So I wouldn't have known of the previous update anyways
ah dangit well when you become pregnant lemme know
Hahaha you wish;)
Seeing the Last Grahamarai as he returned from his travels in the Land of the Rising Sun brought me infinite amounts of joy. And he let me give him a hug (and a high five), it's like he's been reborn anew....
??
I have a few larges left and a medium, but if enough people are interested ill do a second run
Just your mind. not you. scratch the first part
what a jew
Drugs are also illegal but you see it everywhere....
I think Thomas deep down inside is a rittre asian.
the garden of eden was one big kitchen!
same! cuz california has beaches too
I know, i tried to haggle it down to 50 flat too!
In your dreams.
hahaha okay cameron :)
Would if I could sport, tell Christian to throw in my proxy vote.
Googled a few college admissions statistics today and now I keep getting ads for UC Irvine in spotify, this is getting weird...
Good call Matt
I know I kinda got told there
mine will never be worn :'( its flat!
haha oh thomas that would mean you thought women had rights hahaha
ya way to kill your joke by explaining it
If you got an A on regs final I'm going to kill you
Called it!
i downloaded the app and logged in, pretty simple
We still are :)
Partying with Jerry Rice and Carlton from Fresh Pronce
haha, I'm just rocking out with my radio based on W.A. Mozart.
yesss! thankyou for giving my phone checking a purpose :)
we got your family's xmas/new years card today...loved the silly string :)
My new favorite way to make my parents feel uncomfortable: When a sexual word gets bleeped out on TV, ask in my most serious voice what it was, then ask them to explain what it means.
helped me on my final
-__-
woah woah woah, whats wrong with my profile picture?!?
You guys thought I was joking. I sent it to every e-mail address I could find on the Fox News Channel website...
i dont recall saying "like a boss" but i do remember that
I watched fox news for 6 hours too, now I racist
^thanks, jared, at least i can count on YOU
Welcome Back Dance: the one night it's socially acceptable to dress like a huge tool
We have to read the color of water Too?
Me too :( why aren't u goin
but the drink is incredibly popular? how could they have a revenue shortage?
Haha Thomas " it's a begginer's drink"
i stayed up til midnight for it
What language do you read, Thomas?
:) way to text me back jenelle...
25 lol..
why... he is my favorite teacher
u made my brain hurt
Well. Idk about last week, but he was speaking quite clearly to the Spanish teacher the other day after we left.
hahahahahaha :D oh maan. thatd be funny
Peace of Mind is so legit. #Rebelution
I'm sorry but i don't believe that...
To see if i would get 100 likes. duh
Youre the bestttt
No prob bro. Haha that's what friends are for
Good to hear! And yeah definitely! <3
Actually washin my own clothes... Anyone know if you can put flannel shirts in the dryer, or do they need to be air dried?
not a chance
touche
so fresh
Getting home 2 minutes before curfew #clutch
im gonna keep sending requests!
LOL so accurate!
sexy bro godddddddddd
lol
Great time at the football game with Kevin Koenig and Tessa Yarov
no huan, thomas is a crack dealer and thats what louis was buying
miller speaks to the hedgehog
Yah I got a letter from DVC. They heard about my 23...
First play of OT Tebow throws a touchdown to end it. The camera goes back to him and he's already praying.
im so bringing the magazine tomorrow... hahaha
Autobiography - Nicki Minaj <3
ahahaha okay then
That's just got topped, by 56... Lol
I know...
ironic, one would think that you wouold be better at picking up on it
I've never been able to log in on that app. It doesn't work for some people. Idk why.
um what. makenzie watch out.
Katie Molyneux sucks to suck
Haha. Keep dreaming. I'm constantly refreshing the page.
So? i dont care. i wanted a haircut!!!
weirdo ;)
(In my mind, it's not unnecessarily complicated, because there is a difference between the two. Yes, it may be slight and unnoticed during most reading, but it's there.)
Thanks Matt
O crap I did..... Well I didn't crop it and I thought I got the whole class....
one of?!? hahaha. and you should have, cuz im one of the smarter people. you can always transfer out...
It's boring without you too. Nobody has called me a nazi in this class yet
Congrats Thomas. You look yoked!
Why do you have to put a smily face at the end
Over the past few years, Half Christmas has become a widely adopted and culturally beloved summer holiday. June 25 is a day to gather with your friends and loved ones in a celebration of one another. The holiday is inclusive to all, regardless of religion, color, creed or any other attribute which d...
Reviewing vocab for my english final and I see the word accolade, now I can't stop thinking about Call of Duty... Thanks a lot stupid brain...
cuz then i wouldnt have to argue with you. lol
nahhh. i like this one :)
Maddie Malone!
Please, tell me a joke that doesn't involve a pun, Jared.
So... it part of the pac12. That means...
....
you think you know one thing about: prof. Oak, Birch, or Elm?
we can have a melissa-thomas heart to heart
DONT.
hehehehe
Why would you want to shield him from me??? :c
excuses excuses
never mind 98 your right
pics boutta go up!
ahaha, i am single...for the moment. lol
Anyone else ever wonder how weird the first guy to milk a cow must've looked?
oh okay. i misunderstood. theyre like my favorite band
im still ashamed u made me take this photo
Same haha hope it goes well
WHY?!?!?!
sex
Truth is... Your so funny & smart! Favorite Memory: all the funny shit you do in class and when Reg gets mad at you even if u didn't do anything! ;D
yup
you guys are totally fucking around now, and i love every bit of it!
That's what I heard. Kinda freaking out...
soo cuteee
i just got it yesterday haha so forgive my level 7 imperial (that definitely doesn't sound as good as level 20 dark elf assassin lol)
#hideandseek
and i love it.
Story of my life…
I thought you said you didn't get anything?
Ha! Knew it! ;)
ahahaha, sorry, spotify is my new addiction :)
Filled an entire load of laundry with lax pinnies. MLIB
Katie Molyneux I see your edit... hahahaha
hes Prof....
lol, im texting now. went a solid 12 minutes sans texting today. new record
i know! ahahaha, i stole your MLIB idea
so glad i don't have to deal with him anymore
Cal is playin Colorado in Boulder
Panda express is not the way to finish that sequence. Mexican food is better. Or at least some real Chinese food.
Thanks Gina
Youre not helping your case...
Really? Wow...
same, mine does too. but i remember my final grades going into the final so i just did the math myself
I got one from msu.....montana state ayeee
Of course, I was just kidding ;)
I didnt know you like hollywood undead...
Thomas isn't going to fight you on this lol
thankyou christian
all that lettuce...
EVERY. TIME.
I guess happy birthday to
Help...
Classic Judy and Vince
I wanted to call into your class and start speaking spanish
ill make you a video when i look good.
?
Thanks Matt
^ you one upped me but i appreciated it <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
19 to 3 over Monte Vista, not too shabby...
Car Throttle
God knows how many hours of sleep ive accumulated in Shivelys class
I tried that didn't work
Haha.
Wow guys, way to be subtle(:
Because Chicago
maybe they know what noise penguins make...
NO.
Will just creeping liking stuff
thinking in sign.... hmm probably wouldnt work too well
I'll do anything necessary to survive....
Grant... you are on my side once again... #winning
Eyyy same here
You know "when in Rome..."
Score Me: 99 Kevin Koenig: 98 Robbie McAdam: 87 Have fun explaining to Mr. Zeus how I could possibly be winning
why are we friends.
idkk if youre on facebook but your phone isnt recieving my texts ahaha. i get a send failure message everytime. but your still replying so clearly your getting some of them? im confused..
YES YES PERIOD 2 THANK JESUS YES
I didn't know you could make sandwiches in skyrim...
Josh Cunningham yes there are, were running mama, be there at 6:30 sharp
lol
i miss you too! Where ar eyou always hiding? short pun?
hahaha perhaps... jk. you get mail from Drexel?
surfing in religion? hanging loose with jesus bro!
My bio teacher has been talking about protons, on our quiz this week i wrote brotons. He marked it right and i got bronus points. mlib
toooooooooonnyyyyyyy
next weekend? :) lol
or is it?
... we will shove them up your butthole and pull them through your mouth
Theo?
yesss
Yeh giving me stupid notifications! yeh!
what does the fox say....
btw do you wanna hang out dis weekend?
but they dont know what sounds those pronounciation guides correspond to
first word "we did not study" ...
i think that they still havent made it illegal, and just making it illegal isnt gonna do much people can still mix their own energy drinks with alcohol ...
...My witty comebacks are no match for low blows... -___-
Challenge accepted
Hehehehehehe, I love it, and makenzie come on!! We laxers always talk about girls making sandwiches, it's what we do when we sit around
we just want to give you notifications!
we WIULL be close again :)
Dan Vinson is insane! lol dude's an animal
whats ur schedule
the ones i made, and yes huan
thomas dont be hypocritical you ruin peoples statuses too! (;
what type of sweaters are these? is this why louis gave you money in the hall way?
lolz
Thank you franceschi for letting me see this show. Thank you Jarrett for being a genius, and thank you Alex for being a vegetarian (I guess).
...
bahaha i finally read all of those im dying! miss you guys!
period 2
New Dumb and Dumber Lax Pinnie. We will select 5 random people who Share this image on Facebook and give them a free pinnie of their choice. http://www.tribehead.com/index.php/dumb-and-dumber-tuxedo-lax-pinnie.html
^lie
(Va)Gina goes to this website too??????
:( fine ill hide in the trunk then
oh. yes. ok?
Kaitlyn Pahler this is aimed at you ;)
ERMEHGERD!!! EH LERV DERGS!!!
http://www.dokimos.org/ajff/ Easily the most seizure inducing website i've ever seen!!! View at own risk...
Hey remember when i told u about that game about 6 months ago and u said it sucked?
This question may seem weir but I'm kinda curious... Why do you have that?
wow...
Where'd you get them? We can match in Hirsch's class
its not like we learn anything in 1st period that we cant teach ourselves in 5 minutes
The Broncos won because me and KP prayed for Tebow's arm last night
I hate when I go to someone's house and they have ultra modern furniture and I spend 10 minutes trying to figure out how to properly sit on a chair before they tell me to get off the table...
walk it off.
Ugh, nick how did this not make it?
oh jack maybe i was but i fell asleep anyway soo...
ERRRRRRRRMAHGEEEEEERRRRRDDDDD
Thomas is rebellious...
That's what I heard
i is sorry. being a sarcastic person, i never sense other peoples sarcasm!...
Oooh hooray
Interesting how that's not used synonymously with regular friends. although that doesn't have to be bad.
badass^
not again.. ahahha bad experiences
it works for football
this is so embarrassing! ahhh darn u jenelle and ur screen shots!!! <3
exactly!!!^^^
looks like we all got fan mail
idk, there are very few women that i will make sandwiches for ;)
what on earth was that music u were playing
yeah
i have 100, i think i win
Haha well I beat you to it Thomas! And wait.. I thought you liked the pics cause your friends were in them?! :O
yes thomas, im not an idiot like you are.
bahahaha. theyre so amazing!
already did :)
Only 3 CU games till im off to college....
im sharing with patrick, so i dont think so
Awk... I definitely drew that during English class...
we'll see
congrats!
Basically what the East West Bowl names would sound like if they were making fun of lacrosse
*Murican
Cheese [ ] ready [X] not ready
Stereotypes... hahahahahaha
do it, no balls
jenelle i love how youre friends with all of my friends.
Cool
We're screwed
<3
Ohhh. You should have come sit and tan with me! And my boyfriend and my friend cadence ahahaha
http://www.bing.com/ Mother effing foxes are everywhere.
...no comment
Deep thought? oh, wait, "Only begotten son"
Is it ironic that yesterday was Jesus' "birthday"?
Only woman in the presidential race dropped out already... Phew, glad we dodged that bullet.
way to not reply Ashley Christine Miles
Nuh-Uh!!
i'm currently 0 for 3 on outlines started
He doesn't spend the whole time lecturing us now... but clapping and snapping instead.
insightful stuff
the cigarettes right.
Captains tomorrow at 11
Again, I feel so loved
Tony Johnson i win
Hahahaha yes
...
Blood
ehh...
in the smart car?
u have a life
A razzmatazz jamba juice because you're really sweet and because we both have really good taste in smoothies. wooohoooo.
Great news, freed up my schedule. I'm available to be your date :)
When I saw that in the book, I was like, what a boss
haha, what?
YAY...congrats!!!! xo
yay notifications for Thomas Franceschi!!
90 degrees.
yah you weirdo...
dont like my photo when you think running is stupid.. >:(
Shives <3 :)
Probably Darksiders 2 and Dishonored mostly
Do Work!
lucky bastard
One of the better political quotes ever posted
Ya same wit me. What'd the doc say?
Just finished the last high school paper I'll ever write. I refrain from calling it an essay because its pretty much just a piece of paper with random words on it.
ive had it for months
I TOLD YOU! CRACK ROCKS NOT POWDER
The funnest fact
hellz yes i woullddd! (:
Yeah, I'll give it to you in MacDonalds class
yesssss.
Cross it off my bucket list!!!
i meant hella in the non-mathematical sense
its the exact same as grooveshark but better. lol
Thomas's Essay" "Well in Steinbeck's novel the Grapes of Wrathe... uhhh... Snooki. Here's a pic.
Whats so funny?
Louis Siemons
This sounds dirty... Thomas how come your so awesome? It's not even funny
don't they know you are a 28?
no
...
May broseidon shine on this most glorious of days
Truth is tom u my boi i got ur back anytime and where bro : )
The other day I got stuck in a bad situation and thought to myself "what would Tim Tebow do?"... Then I ran
Mr. Zeus is very proud of is boyee!
I'm going to shield him from you and your mind Thomas <3
sick
And I could always depend on you to take it off my hands
Watching southpark after getting my wisdom teeth out, I'm pretty sure I just ripped the stitches laughing.... Worth it....
This
Today pretty much sucked, dont joke :(
well first of all dyslexia is not an eye problem, its a learning disability that you have to get tested for...then you go to a regular doctor
"I wish I was a girl sometimes" -jack mcgrew
Sky High anyone?
hey football head!!! ahahaha, what a great show
Wait Dan what does that have to do with anything?
im so afraid...
^agreed
So stoked for the Big Game, I can't wait to see Stanford get smacked! Go Bears!
ROFL ~Harridan~
It might be for Jared, though, as he apparently didn't get why it's not inherently bad...
Soooooo, Pac-12!!!
Hahah wow!
haha..sure
thats gross that tom said that cuz im tagged as the cut lol
Got mail from Humboldt State. I'd love to major in forrest fires!!!!
i am honored to have you as a sniper!
I don't think so. She said "construction quiz"
stalker...
solid pasta making bro... so glad we did that together :( haha
Sick bro^
No Mr. Zeus, golf at the Olympic Club ;)
haha, stuff like athletic wear and delicates should be left out of the Dryer to avoid shrinking and that kind of stuff ;)
idk...
pshhhh!!!
You WOULD like all the pictures with you in them... Haha gotta admit your hair did look good in them haha. :P
how am i not thinking of these?!?!
luv you ari!
Tony Johnson
that doesnt look good though :P
I'm asking mrs McDonald that lol
Thanks Matt!
I'm so grateful to live in a free country where we can be who we want to be, and It's all thanks to our amazing veterans fighting for those liberties. I would especial like to thank my Grandpa Bob for fighting in both the Navy and Air Force, he truly loves his country.
read cheryls
12...
?
Almost done with my second pack of gum... I need help
Just endured the most nerve racking dinner of my life, wasn't as bad as I thought it would be ;)
You
truth is that ur a laxer and ima come out to the next vitality
In Soviet Russia Facebook updates you!
At least it's not another guys cup... Or speedo... Tony...
only to see the death of team canadia, it will be my honor
post it
You're so mean :( I love them both, you can't hurt her for trying :)
Thats why i was able to remember that word haha
Robbie and i were the only ones who took charge.
Haha cameron your such a gentleman
No. Hahahahaha
ACRA 2k16 prep
on the brink of not being able to take it for another year. Big Tom comes up clutch
no, i stayed in the McFaddens tent. my parents didnt go
As do i, i hear they dont even have a morning attendant anymore :(
Hahahaha^^^^^
fine, you wanna be the first to die?
No promises ;)
Shit! I only got a 26
not looking forward to being forced to wear real shoes for the next 200+ days...
Dear Thomas, I'm not upset they're just getting super old. Sincerely, Melissa
Yes, these were for asking Makenzie to homecoming. And yes, I made her pop every single one before I asked her.
hahaha, i gotcha
Religion and Art tomorrow... I guess my school year is already over...
idk i try to make the yearbook fun but its obvious that cameron killed the moment
Okay so after school either tomorrow or Friday we are like reuniting because I have to talk to you about so much and it's been closed campus and UGH. im ready to throw some sort of childish hissy fit.
which ones?
For non college sports fans, it is the Pacific-12 Sports Conference, which Colorado is now a part of.
Truth is..we'll your thomas and we need to have our day to hang out! And I miss you a lot (:
so i was playing skyrim and i was wandering around looking for dragons and stuff and all of a sudden two foxes run in front of me...
Try saying what they hear... it might pass for reverse psychology.
im thinking you guys whale win for sure ;)
my phone is getting rapped by all these comments... -___-
i poked u...dom r there work outs tomarrow morning
Thats him singing too haha
No comment
How the division between facebook friends and friends suggests a few things: a) not all Your facebook friends are really friends b) your friends don't have facebook c) you haven't actually become facebook friends with your "real-life" friends d) another of the numerous possible interpretations. and the inherent ambiguity of my statement that the division was interesting.
uh-oh. I'll have to fix that...
I meant sign!!!
whats terms and conditions.....;)
Terrible News! You have to find a new date :( I don't think I'm going to make the wedding....what are you going to do??
thats funny
Prof: Hey you have no soul, you got that! Ginger: yeah i know...
Always feels good racking up a W against monte vista, especially when it's at their house
?
its legal still
Pretty neat meeting Joe Theismann and Brian Kelly at the golf tournament today. The Irish were well represented. #ND
grant butler stud for prez!
hahahahaha, i know
Pshhh no
Made my day
god, i have so many negative comments to put on this status...Grant Butler
nope, just Kaitlyn Pahler ;) lol
The hold is great, i just gotta get used to playing with it. I wish i could coach but im busy saturday, and sunday is vitality at 9am then cramming for finals the rest of the day
I would thank Broseidon, but this is out of his jurisdiction
dont be jealous cameron... i love you too!!!!! IF you ever find one of those bracelets get me one and ill pay for it!
I STILL CALL THE TRUNK! well the space behind the 2 seats lol
watch out she'll make you floss
I told him he should go back to dls...he walked away with his head down....
aight dan thanks
Kaitlyn Pahler WE ONLY GOT 96! not 100 :(
First haircut in 7 months... My head's cold... :/
Whhatt. You still went. Just you and your parents?
I had half of this essay done yesterday, why am I still up?
i like the question mark after every other answer. lol
just this once, franceschi, just this once...
Hey can u give me that
Goddamit I wanted to post on Thomas' wall about wanted to see his smart car
:cc
Saw you at lunch today... Didn't say hi... 'fraid you would continue to degrade my gender...
Immature
HAHAHAH thomas mind out of gutter now
thomas it worked your a genius
Rookin for Rouis
it was an italian class michael
ill see if i can, i got lax though. thatd be hella chill
Look at the gingey
but ill see you...
Mr. Reg :o
Hahahahaha
ahhh.....fun fact!
Who cares?
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
you didnt take the time to put the ñ ... watevs.. i see.
omg i did a pokeball too
i'm coming too even tho i don't know where u live
haha! its cuz ur fat
The Powerschool app just became my new best friend
To actually quote George W. Bush, "If this were a dictatorship, it'd be a heck of a lot easier, just so long as I'm the dictator." Vote Thomas Franceschi for senior class dicta... President ;)
1. It was our tewaaraton music 2. He's a bro
Im Grand! hows it goin jared?
guys no need to tag him.... awk
We put up a good fight. We'll get 'em next year. Roll on you bears!
im deff not a pedophile
O jack senna
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TmGTpZ1ED0 soooo legit!
yayayayay <3
Yah making pasta right now... Alone haha
yes you did your like its not a sport.
i remembered the joke thingy! it's okay haha. but here... there are three types of people in this world: those who are good at math and those who aren't.
I just passed the Lotus Agility Test with 96.56 seconds! Have you got the skills to handle the new Lotus Evora 400?
Haul in the chains, let the carcass go astern.
Got y wisdom teeth out, I couldn't chew
hello cal loss
thats not how it works...
fix your backpack? hahahahaha
hella funny^
THOMAS YOU DID IT AND I MISSED IT. im devastated...
me niether....i think the game was called on rain
lolz i wasnt saying sweet cuz u guys didnt talk to me! I was spammin thomas's wall and liked and commented on everything lol
I love not having to be you...
o...
We better not. Or else I'm gonna FSU real bad!!!
I'm not gonna try to one up you again <3
Well maybe if someone went on twitter u would see them
Pretty much the same.
Air Dry.
;)
alright whenever we go let u know
I cooouuuulld write my essay... but i think I'll just kill time editing Wikipedia.
There are sugar daddy's... The mom doesn't want to be with him anymore bc he's an a**hole
XD
its not letting me delete it haha can you delete it for me? haha
do we have any inside jokes? ):
Vegetarian getting butthurt, this is pretty funny
indeed she is my olive skinnned friend
this poke war is worse than 'nam
And you are an incredibly ignorant and stupid individual
psh of course;)
^burn
FANTASTIC.
I make sandwiches for no one! Sorry, btw can me and Kevin go to Subway tomorrow? I'm still looking for a girlfriend.
ummm you forgot my flower today but don't worry you can bring it tomorrow! (;
Wooohoooo!!!
Your face shows how unobservant your mom is!
I got another one. Thomas Franceschi(ish) Status: On a scale of 1 to 100 how immature are am I? 69 obviously ;)
True art right here
wait, you can see that its a timeline?
"filling Easter eggs" is the best chore I've ever had to do ;)
i guess you can review on the website and the last quiz she gave us on this
PowerSchool went from being my worst nightmare to my best friend when it opened today
It's our neighbors and he drove my dad around in it for fun
i thought the explanaition wouild merely accentuate it...
i make him feel so loved the most
And if Thomas and I are like brothers, does that mean we can share him!
...how
Looks like we have an nonbeliever. OUTCAST^^
I'd put money on writing an essay on at least one of them, if not both.
First he starts doing kids movies, then he changes his name to Snoop Lion, now he's guest starring on youtube videos... its like there's no rock bottom... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kRAKXFrYQ4&feature=youtu.be
No it's not haha
^valid point
hahahaha you guys crack me up
For once "I chose not to do this essay" sounds like a viable option...
THATS WHAT I LIKE TO HEAR. GO BEARS
^exactly what i was thinking
I don't remember. Hogan probably does thougj
Now whenever I post a status update I think to myself "Would Mr. Zeus think this is funny?"
hi
Lol yee
http://www0.dlshs.org/webpages/reguzzonif/testrevisverbi.htm
Big win in double overtime to sweep San Ramon!!! Best feeling ever
dude what if they lose?
Put a FOX on my science project...just for you Thomas ;-)
he erased our art :'(
or so creeped on. hahaha
memory: that time you were taking pics of mr reguzzoni in italian teehee
What RUINED my day was him showing up at CHS for lunch today! Is the Hoffman closed or something????
i am going to make multiple facebooks and like your statuses like 20 times ;)
License!
by Mumford and Sons
Hey I wasn't the one oogling! hahaha
Join the club. Tomorrow we will be in the same place, so just be out front and I'll bring you with me ahahaha
melissa and i compliment your dancing and you delete our wallposts. SICK.
BTW this email is fantastic ;-)
Thomas let me deal with my own bet. I got 500 against you now
-_-.....
which one?
and me??
With my best friend
no, i'm just determined to survive.
I make valid points.
hahahaha! score one for francheschi
these catholic institutions just rub off on you
i shouldve stopped at 69
you din't go to st. perpetua so i am not going to add you to the group
truth is..you need to come into 7th period more often it's gotten more and more boring since you stopped trying to sneak in. You should also try to get Robbie McAdam to stop stalking me
I wish i knew how to math.
okay then
If you haven't heard of De La Salle (Concord, Calif.) High football coach Bob Ladouceur, perhaps this will add some perspective on his legendary status: Jim Caviezel, the actor who played Jesus in The Passion of the Christ, will portray him in an upcoming film. California's all-time winningest prep ...
Looks like your doing just fine Katie? Enjoy!🚣
is a medium like a good size for me lol
Yea but I'm pretty sure that one was from nazi zombies from black ops so doesn't count
;-)
They got Jim caviziel? Baller
not working for me either
im confused...
Truth is u came in clutch last yr. Ur cool and funny
well... I'm still alive... Maybe the apocalypse just isn't a morning person? I suspect the world to end around noonish, or whenever he feels like getting around to it...
JK! hahaha, go make me a sandwich Katie Molyneux
tell mike soza you love me more <3
I did this cuz i knew Robbie McAdam would hate it. lol
ar
:'c now i feel bad...
That murder is absolutely delicious.
but thats not visible to all of my facebook friends
It's quite sad that you took the time to write this
:"C
^agreed to the fullest extent
dude but you toats are!!
FreddyAmazin
Get out
LAX!!
The Most Interesting Man in the World on Short Attention Spans: "I don't always finish my sentences, but when I do, . . . "
who are you talking to?
Truth is i love you and you're so adorable because your locker is near mine <3
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3022243?navtype=ecare
you're sorta welcome
>uses pretentious while telling Jared to not use unnecessary words >Pretentious: Attempting to impress by affecting greater importance, talent, culture, etc., than is actually possessed. >Synonym: showy >using pretentious to tell someone they are being showy, seems a little pretentious of you Alex.
http://tasteofawesome.com/view/Whoa+Man/173064 Like the OMGFacts Puzzle Game --> http://www.facebook.com/OMGFactsPuzzleGame
"We are women," she told her sister."We must obey" My favorite line in Antigone ;)
It worked for me
We did a good thing today :)
he would be proud of u.... haha
<3
No, you're just really bad at picking up on sarcasm...
Time to do work!
Um...
yes yes you are :)
oh thomas you stated what everyone wanted to say just couldnt figure out how
but dont get carried away
thats sad that yur not even that cool.... but understandable
what do they look like?
haha this reminded me of you and Courtney. Miss you guys <3
Is Cap'n not gonna be in our class next year?
dislike
wrapped in barbed wire
yup
I feel honored that you shout my name in random public places :)
wow. you are the meanest leader ever.
How am I an idiot?
That awkward moment when you get called an attention whore and can't deny it...then the awkward moment when you realize you're posting this status just for the attention...
Oh, and Jared, it's just as likely that your lack of realization wasn't an implication of a lack of diversity of friends.
Getting a license doesn't exempt you from getting hit
So I finally realized why girls want you to text them first. They just realize that they aren’t allowed to speak unless spoken to.
Still counts as messy... it just happens to help you too...
*checking Powerschool to estimate margin for "error" on the last essay*
im sooooo not a train :)
go clean your room.
http://tasteofawesome.com/view/I+Believe/168282 Like the OMGFacts Puzzle Game --> http://www.facebook.com/OMGFactsPuzzleGame
Not thomas^
^lie
pull an all nighter first... thats when it really starts getting creative
its on!
so honored :D
i know, but it would be sick if every player had one. not sayin it needs to be exactly like football, thats just where i got the idea
yeah...love you guys 2!
This man is the reason I even bother showing up for school
just 2 party tom
To misquote the great Abraham Lincoln, "Am I not destroying my enemies when I friend them on facebook? now let's go kill some vampires" or something like that... Vote Thomas Franceschi for senior class President!
Funny...
tom goes ham
sex
on your comment lol rape joke it says -1 person OH and now on my comment WHAT IS GOING ON
I've been working on a sculpture all day and I'm working at the De La Salle open house tomorow, and my mom is in Arizona. Looks like Thomas wins this round.
Where you at?
thomas i think this is the start of something beautiful
cool
Its short sweet and to the point
That awesome moment when Jehovah's witnesses come to your door and you try to convert them. Let's see how you like it...
AHAHAHA lame excuse breh. We should be close again.
This seems more like the Woman's game of life than monopoly...
worst. joke. ever.
Played indoor lacrosse, OUTDOORS today... Ball's in your court, logic.
It is, minus the four holes in my mouth... I miss you Garske!
Truth is you should text me !
Tebowing: To get down on a knee and start praying, even if everyone else around you is doing something completely different. It's comforting to know
Oh thomas.. You just can't handle us, that's all
did i hear TOM WAS IN WWII????
or 2nd period
lol!
and i am going to keep denieing them
ya
The Black Keys, A Day to Remember, The Used (Their first album). Those are some good alt to rock bands.
No
true...
this is better than your essay writing
28
and mine...Robbie McAdam
im done
As well u should be considering u didn't say hi
Google it
haha i got it yesterday to guess what ive been doing
they're adorable
Robbie McAdam
Real Chicago deep dish
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
hes clearly creepin' on Kaitlyn Pahler
the best part is he's actually telling the class "everyone look at me i am speaking italian for the photo and you all know exactly what im saying because we learn in this class"
Already stressing over finals, just straight up ate an entire pack of gum in under an hour -___-
Haha yeah, I basically left my table to watch these guys the whole time
idk
Hell yes they do :) Happy Veterans Day ~H~
wow.... ur right
its back up. crisis averted
Mikes got my back, watch yourself Cap'n...
Fratellis, yeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhh
do you need help?
Thomas Franceschi stop stalking me and get back here..
Okay I didn't want to cause a arguement just wanted to say i miss you guys.
thats even worse...
and just for the record, Alex See is butt hurt. >welcome to the internet, you must be new here
you will not only get whipped with headphones...
wow. you are a mean leader. you are willing to kill the brains of the operation because we ARGUE. awesome
r u calling skyrim bad..... cuz if u dont like america u can GGIIIIIIT OUT
and 48 ;)
Ari Feldman i was thinking of you when i posted this
Mario and Luigi were pretty cool bros, they shouldnt have to save the princess though.. thats what happens when girls leave the kitchen
omg....
Wait, are you going to denver
When my first one broke, I asked her if I could turn in the homework the following day so I could buy another one, and she said no 'cause she expected me to have one.
Me too! :(
Sounds good! I can't wait!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCPThoaNDoo Childish Gambino
"Misunderstood"
yes robin, yay
for now :)
Gina thats an understatment
Yeah dom and Christian adding their great imput!
genova is mr.regs hood
Wow your cool
ohhhh hes the one that added me and i just left it in the box because i didnt know him and now i feel bad!
What? never!
When life gives you melons, you should probably see an eye doctor because you may have dyslexia...
You survived haha! And you seemed to actually be having fun by the end;)
Things are mighty fine with me! I'm in Ireland at the moment, but I'll be home soon. Do you play soccer for De La Salle?
I've been doing it since 3rd grade! Not that hard. Haha
Congratulations to the whole crew! 👍
Woot! Thanks <3
We're thinking of doing 'arrested development' club thi year
i would have if i knew where you were. lol i need to tan
This gentleman has my vote. Brilliance.
no... its too confusing hahaha
<3
ahahaha funny
so im pretty stoked for that....
that movie is so last decade
Fox news?!?
hahahahahaha
what are my other choices
gross.
Sparknotes on facebook? YESSS!!! finally an excuse to use facebook while doing homework
then im sorry for the misunderstanding
I have great admiration for your desire to look good. It was obviously extreme if you ere willing to do your own laundry. And I do sympathize.... I am also hungry so can we get on that sandwich?
And mine too... Carly u can curl up in a ball and we an strap u on the roof
i hate this.
perfect 10
yes
It's a very good thing. I like you Thomas.
too late... ;)
Thomas Franceschi
hi
go to the second floor. you're it.
...
this one's for you Thomas Franceschi ....and your hair
The "hide this post" button is definitely coming in handy right now...
oh... ok... i see the sarcasm now...sorry... :(
ask Kevin
Ok
some people just deserve things...
My clicking reflexes are super fast....... Consider it a warning.
Shooting for a solid 10 hours of sleep tonight so I can be well-rested for the quad hockey game tomorrow.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9c2fL77Cv0
I get all of my news strictly from The Colbert Report, like a real American
Whats an earthquake?
Hey Brantford! we got Engrish together.
don't tell me you didn't think the same thing when you went through the school facts.
Tony, did u not see that I said it sucked?
no because that isn't what occupy did... they occupied a park.. i just did a 30 min presentation on it I would know
Hey facebook, sorry we haven't talked in a while but I found a bigger addiction than you. It's called Minecraft, maybe you've heard of it. So it looks like we won't be seeing each other too often for the next few months...
oh, shut up.
THOMAS!
so today was a good day for you right?
Hmmmm, I wouldn't expect a female to like this status...
Vote Thomas Franceschi for senior class president
You completely missed the point Josh. I meant the whole comment could've been shortened. And jarrett: I think you're definitely smarter than I am. But you try too hard to sound like it. It's Facebook comments. You come off like a pretentious idiot because you constantly use all these words that don't even make sense in context. They technically make sense from a dictionary standpoint, but not in context. Like the day you told me you couldn't play soccer because "soccer necessitates shorts" rather than just speaking coherently and sayin that you didn't have a pair. That's all.
is it me or is thomas starting to get funny?
Me too, pretty sweet
Thanks Matt
the woodchuck? clever
its great. How's illinois?
That's beside the point...
finally grants on my side!
I think we have it till tomorrow morning... In case anyone would like to join me
Thats what I got!!!! Hopefully know he'll realize what we mean by this final was too hard
Still working on your head.. breaking in the mesh so it stretches right.
Hahahaha. You seriously have a problem...
What games
woah woah woah... bitches is an offensive word...
Thanks matt!
Classes anyone?
Dear Melissa, I understand why you would be upset with my sexist jokes and I hope you know that I don't mean any of them. Sincerely, Thomas
Are there thomas
dude yes
i cant believe u actually put this as your status....
The guy playing Coach Ladoucer in the movie coming out about the streak also played Jesus in The Passion of the Christ... coincidence???
c:
Yessssch
Hahahaha, perhaps. Someone brought it up today so I looked for it
yay :)
Thomas Franceschi
to prepare watch at least 3 od his better comedies like Popeye, Good Morning Vietnam, Alladin, Mrs. Doubtfire, Birdcage and RV. Enjoy!
Lol. Literally, EVERYONE who had him that was in there stared at him in disgust OR, as I did. Hid from him! Annalisa suddenly "had to go to the bathroom" for like the full 10 minites he was in there, and I lost something under the table! Lol. Coincidentally...
Thank you for that wonderful video, best 30 seconds of my life<3
You sir, do not know how to properly enjoy life
Amirica!
Mr. Harrison for President
Omfg.. This is like my fav website!!
that sucks
D:
well than I agree with Dane I want an address haha.
hahahaha <3 you love me
as are mine sasha, as are mine...
i already have. hHA
I know, just thought I'd make a joke
You're definitely a number one
good thing im not going :P
Was that worksheet actual homework for math??
Sounds legit. I mean if I was a guy, and not a senior, I'd vote for you
How does he not notice ???????
I just became a asshole
from a special someone?
Ok... so I know all those easy. But knowing her she's gonna word everything extremely difficult.
well theres this great new young artist named rebecca black
haha some call it a gift. Thanks for the help of Will SiRi Justin Nuval Jason Hurtz
Vote Thomas Franceschi for senior class council
Story of my life
siiiick! this is my 2nd...
ZORAD!
i no.. it said how old you looked...
*stnemmoc
even if it means killen one of ya own ^
Truth is, thomas franchesci u are a playa, u Mac hard all day ery day
Just listened to a Skrillex song all the way through for the first time and I have come to a serious conclusion... People who like dubstep should not be allowed to vote because they clearly make very poor decisions.
theres only one honors class
Lacrosse tournament
np. i just might be more excited than you two. nbd. i didnt run around the dance studio screaming "he did it he did it he did it he did it whooooooo" or anything like that...
Agreed. And I am a preppy bastard.
No sparknotes for Silence of the Lambs?!?! NOOOOOO!!!! i actualy have to read the book now!!! :'c
I'm just trying to raise awareness, sorry i fight for what i believe in...
no, you dont...
i would say something mean on this status but Grant Butler would throw a fit....
That awkward moment when you show your parents your drawing of your room for art class hoping they'll say " thats really good" and instead they say " you forgot to draw all the crap on the floor that you never pick up"
your welcome ;)
who cares!
Thomas<3 haha I just really felt like writing on your wall and saying hi. So.... hi. :)
But they don't have horseshoe crabs!!
I don't think I can lift all of the heavy weapons
yes it is!!!!! i bet she does too
Dont forget University of Pacific ;) lol call me an overachiever
I would appreciate it very much if i could see wat the damn thing looks like
Are you planning on going somewhere?
Cause hes white and sucks at rapping
Actually it's hella zeroes minus one. Because the first digit is nonzero.
HAHAHAHA. she stalks my life
Halloween just keeps getting better
i do not think so haha
yee. did you louis?
agreedd
Dentist told me I might be part of the lucky 5% that don't get theirs pulled. Sucks for all you
Have fun with Stevenson heard she's harder than brown Davis
Nah I changed my mind. Just a quick lift after sxhool
tag me!
do u have more? or can u order more?
no responses yet. but huckabee sent an automated email saying it would eventually be read. and 2 of the e-mail addresses were not valid, even though i copy and pasted
dan <3
Hella is defined as 10 to the 27th power... thats hella zeros, just sayin
I'll cross that bridge when I come to it...
...?
Carcase*
now...? :-P
Michael gets pussy
Check your notifications again... Muahahahaha
you could kill time writing mine
Stuck at home during a bridal shower. I'm drowning in a sea of estrogen...
but ill hit you when i put my backpack back there
tag me!
nah, he was the vampire slayer, get yo facts straight
Come watch our quad hockey team play tomorrow. We're good. Trust me.
so you said i was a bad texter but you never responded sooooo...
no i wasnt because i didnt do it
*Checks hard drive space* Free Space: 10GB Efff, I gotta stop pirating music...
future-reg, i think yes. atleast future teacher.
I know posting on Facebook timelines is so 2012 but I just wanted to say hello. I also wanted to say ERH MAH GERD I MERS YUR SUR MERCH. WHER DID WE HERVE TO GER ELRD AND GER UP. SO GERSE.
preciousss what a prep school boyy
do work
Well the photo number is very prominent...
;)
wear a helmet
woah woah woah... wb loves me first of all, and second of all no one compares to our love for each other
Thanks Gabi!!! :)
Don't be hatin on national treasure
do we have to review the locus shit?
practice run for 2012
Me too, ok no more being friends with meant Thomas. And oh yes very excited tomorrow will be very excellent
Autocorrect got me oh the shame
i was walking over to carondalet when maddie called me...
They had it comming
http://hahgay.com/
fine...
seriously wat is with that
what you tell michael? right thats his name the kid that wore my tutu... i dont even know him buut he keeps coming up in my suggestions
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-Wd-Q3F8KM&feature=youtube_gdata_player happy new years everyone from the count!!!
I would just like to point out that I was the first one to like this :)
Im leaving right now
Darn! I guess I'll just have to fly solo. Haha.
what has this world turned in to...
that doesnt make the situation better
sooooo would that make nicole just a striaght up cougar?
Woo hoo!!!
but it has no sounds
A couple of fighter jets just decided to circle my neighborhood... Why would anyone want to invade Walnut Creek?
Theo Joseph
fun fact?
damnit Thomas Franceschi
Hey tuition is only $7000...
U need to meet Diane!!
i AM the brains. there is no denying it
How do your legs feel?
if only i was as cool as thomas.....
<3?
im 16...
ha. ha. ha. your just jealous you dont know of any of them
lolz, you missed history
haha fa sho we shall cruze the strips of the dub c fo some bitches
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqg01Nk3SYI&feature=related
Too perfect for words
Thanks Mr. Zeus!
omg i was gunna write on his wall saying that! damn you beat me to it :p
BAHAHAHAHA, "she has da frat asian nose now"
I knew this would be a good status ;)
There we go!
sounded like it
1 for 3!
Since I'm the only one who responded, do I get to play?
you just made a grave mistake...
^^ LOL jack this is so accurate for some people including you
i dont think so
hahaha, except fox news is still pretty terrible
:"(
thanks!
hahahahaha
Idk, the ones where i pick you up are the best. lol
too far dan, too far. i was just gonna beat him with a few metal baseball bats, thats all
loser^
i meant that sucks that you cant go to the concert
Crazy that someone figured out how to do this, very soothing
Bro thats hella chill!!! We gonna lax it up wit mrs.stevenson
BAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
Bahahaha thomasss
Really?
text me hahaha
Roll on you bears!!!!
that doesnt mean I think its stupid... hahahaha
3 and 6
hahaha, "you are locky you not asion, coz i would ping pong dat ass!"
They arent like mute haha they could still figure it out. And a lot of deaf people can talk.. So ur on crack ;) but maybe the just speak there own made up language which I doubt, cuz like I said, if they don't know how to read what the word would sound like, they wouldnt be able to communicate cuz it would just be a bunch of useless sounds. When it's not, so clearly, I am right :)
Oh, I have a video of them
Thanks coach!
a steak dinner with pancakes?
Haha I almost forgot to reply, I went back to California the next day and wasn't online for a week and forgot. Oops, oh well. Everything is well. I can't believe I have a real job over the summer, so sad. The summers here are random, one day is nice the next is hot, then it rains, so crazy! Can't wait to move back to California. How is your mom doing? Hope you are enjoying your summer!
Yes, you have provided me with a quick laugh and for that I thank you my good man.
i neversaid that
yyyyyyyeeeeeeeeesssss!.....i am honored to be your sidekick. thats wat besties r for.
Shout out to Nathan Czarnecki, getting off topic in Religion two days in a row!
Easter tradition!
Thanks Ari! I almost forgot
Its true
I think it was Pelster who told us, effectively, that for good insight on our essays we need time to ruminate. What better time for rumination than the middle of the night? (and who says I can't ruminate on Facebook?)
Breakfast of champions
Wooowooooo
.... someones gullible!
i did... my texts are invisible...
Thanks Gina❤
what?
I never said that, hahaha
...not that there's anything wrong with that...;)
wow we were ahead of the times
Idk
omg thomas u were selling sweaters????
Not sure if I should be offended by how accurate this is...
All my teachers already posted the finals. I love not having to wait :)
what direction?
we have 2nd and 3rd period together!! And I run by your house ALL the time during the summer
Bro your statement is false haha.
<3
Happy Hanukkah!
ill message you huan
Please, I can take an honest remark from a bro
lol max is 2250
while in the process of getting a skrim job i got a noric magic trick with nord mead (skyrim version of russin magic trick Thomas Franceschi Kevin Koenig Charlie Loudon)
oh and that made it so you could never respond to my text even after.. oh okay i get it.
Nope, Rebels only. I don't have the time, sorry
Robbie, why dont you come here and make me? Hahahaha
I am defnintely the one who found this. You're welcome, Thomas.
YUR SMARTER THAN ME U HAVE NO RIGHT TO CALL ME A NERD!
Great!!!! had to adjust the shooters to take out some whip, now its a dream. thanks again coach!
Nice. It's a little too liberal for me. Hahahaha
he's mine.... :) hahahah
i wrote one of cheryls. lol
ohhh roomates now? lol
the music u guys played during practice.
[x] Pregnant [x] A Famous Person [x] Model [x] Crackhead ... ... [x] Drug Dealer [x] Mature [] Same As Now [x] Athlete [x] Party, every night. [x] In college/university. I Can See Us: [x] Pimpin ' [x] Living Together [x] Being Close [] Not Talking [] Married [] Dating [x] Being Aqaitences [x] Chilling [x] Doing Crazy Stuff [x] Partying. You Should: []x Chill With [x] ;) Stop Being A Stranger [] Call me [] Continue Living Our Life [] Put This As Your Status, So I Can Like It
First impression... Ur hella swag
nice tag Dan...
Matt: when you have a marginally intelligent contribution to make, come talk to me. Until then, stop wasting my time and go back to looking up definitions on dictionary.com and trying to be smart
Truth is u my boi and my first impression was that you and I are going to Hella good deemed and we are lol
Was it buried under your toys lol
idk haha
Hey it's over now... Maybe I'll go to the beach, cuz it's sunny!!:)
truth is, we used to be hella close and now we never talk :( i missss youu! so imm gonna text you right now.. k, cool. love youuu <3
That awkward moment when you like stoner music but have never smoked weed...
is there a way for it to show you your actual grade in the class?
or you can tie a rope to the back and ride a skateboard
Nice
i get mine out this week... we shouldve all just had a fat honors wisdom tooth pary
if that means that the rest of us survive then yes
siiick 2 earthquakes in one day
I'm glad I am not the only one noticing these things lol
i think its some sort of activity
Majid Dayyat=Sex panther
:-(
Nice, sounds like a great summer so far. I still have the Leaning Tower of Pisa in my car. I do miss the good ol' days at Tice with my favorite assistant :P
What?
Love
Has anyone ever actually read and agreed to the terms and conditions?
im sooo freaking jelly
i did indeed
nawwww you love me
it was me, hahaha
Carly Wohlleb i was going to tag u in this haha im glad u joined, u make all of thomas' wall posts more enjoyable <3
this is really cute guys haha
'Merica...
me too haha
hope you feel good <3
I am sad as well my good fellow :(
thanks cole, i was really having trouble with this great life mystery
*you're
should i wear a white tie or red tie at the services?
^was about to say that
sooo i kinda love this picture <3
;) = gay
And u gotta show me how
GINA!!!! YOU DID?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Whats baseball?
But still. You'd kill me over anyone else on our team?
ahahaha
mine tooo?
Tempted to use a Spice Girls lyric as the title for my essay... hmmm, how low of a grade do I want, do I really really want?
Yeah it is spongebob and there's not really a bad Time for a childhood reference
No its going out of buisness
hahahahahahhaha no way..
comming
Picking my older brother up from a friends house, my how the tables have turned...
^joke
For what?
^yeah but how do they know how to pronounce anything?
i didnt even get my plan back
Wrong. One piece. Then Jared Wood got mad at it and put it in a cage
INDIRECT CONTACT
Irony?
i hated him
hahaha i got dragged off my couch for 8 hours yesterday and my xbox froze twice today so i have an excuse for being behind
Late night Easter eggs got a little nostalgic
seems legit
soooo poetic! haha
Where are all the sourpatch parents?
haven't heard that one before
Robbie McAdam
What the f*** does profanity mean?!?
New Mumford & Sons and Green Day albums out on spotify today, I guess I picked a good day to be home sick
How are you doing?! :)
well just have to go another time tehn
im so proud
tewaaraton?
And God said "Let there be sandwiches!" and Eve made them...
lol, at least im not a jew
p.s. what are you guys doing in vegas???
no, this is thomas' essay thomas francheschi Mr. Pelster AP Eng Lang Comp April 7, 2013 In John Steinbeck's . . .
Shut up nuval! My moms at work and the stuff was already washed and I need to wear it. All I had to do was put it in the dryer and turn it on. Lol
make sure to dry clean the skinny jeans
Its not messy, it helps with my creative process
no, but in the NFL, idk bout college
Smart
hahahahaha, totally forgot about that. ive moved on to pink star now ;)
Thats sad......
I don't have my book anyway
#winning i started this trend;)
my brain hurts
"We must attack, will full force, to deter all forms of aggression!" that's something like JFK haha
For science!
ladouceur=jesus
sick dan, 2 comments about the three dots.
yes to both chewy and thomas
It's ok, it's not like the college kid has anything like a physics final tomorrow. I needed to see this.
how?
I just referred to the college application process as a hostage situation in one of my essays. This will either go gloriously well or crash and burn horribly.
That awkward moment when your friend is lighting the menorah and you start singing happy birthday...
why would you torture yourself like that?
Truth is... Ura good friend Tom. Been playin lax with u since the 5th grade and ur always chill and nice. Keep at it.
your welcome
ya too late
true
Julia Acquistapace its a joke...
Hmm... Valid point
Truth is ur my boi : )
thougthful, respectful commenst
Nah, I made it home barely in time
^exactly
deans weren't in the office #winning
http://www.americangreetings.com/ecards/im-sorry/pn/3135870?navtype=ecare&cov=15
:c sorry! i was busy this weekend
I signed up for the free poster from like half of them! suckers...
Thank you troy
i had a lacrosse game
too bad, im growing it back out... hahahahaha
Sandwich=okay Sandwich made by girl=amazing
yay! i think...
i think he logged off...
you guys can talk now. ill leave you alone now. by
Msu....
I was gonna make a joke about drugs, but I snorted the punchline...
Don't get cocky on me here Thomas
i love you all tooooo(:
what did u write about? i cant tell
gooood
too busy writing my essay
ya haha he forgot to give it to the deans and I had to remind him...mr reg..smh
HA no. i don't want anyone to steal my idea. so just think of how you like tying random ideas into papers.
The internet is a game, and I just won it... http://wwwdotcom.com/
dubstep and violence is the best combination ever
That's not good, the withdrawal can get pretty nasty. But I wouldn't know. Hahaha
#teambounding
I shot my best round of golf ever today, I should play 9 holes more often...
You suck <3
first why do u now have timeline? thats the weirdest thing ever! second, do u just sit at your computer all night waiting to poke me!!
LMFAO!' that's hella funny
um...that's been there for like a month
yep, and do you have a timeline?
... I love you both equaly....
COACH!!!
:c can i be an honrary member?
if your going to be my 2nd son, you need to change that profile picture. Or keep it and you can be my 2nd daughter. Your choice.
HEY!!.... well i have no argument against those assertions... LT4!
im such a great friend
I got cha back!!
I know her!
I'll try to pop in on Monday :)
HALLOWEEN is quickly approaching. Look down your list of friends... You're IN A HORROR MOVIE: 1. Decides the creepy house is safe: Miles Murray 2. Screams like a baby: Jack Elliott ... 3. Scares you as a joke: Grant Butler 4. The first to go missing: Katie Molyneux 5. The first to go insane: Shane Smith 6. Murdered saving you: Cameron Cozort 7. Has your back no matter what: Kaitlyn Pahler 8. Survives by faking dead: Louis Siemons 9. Has a soild survival plan no one listens to: Makenzie Huguet 10. Is really the killer: Jenelle Piñón
hahaha wait i thought it was more...im at 2600
my mom: "thomas is kind of like the not ready cheese from the cheez it commericials"
Easily the most useful music app on earth
Jk, im not thaaat jewish!
Just got my wisdom teeth out, looks like lots of Pokemon and ice cream for the next few days...
Do you think we should study, or it's hopeless?
Haha
I'm sorry to say my obsession with your girlfriend has grown
Truth is: (I'm really, really, REALLY bored.) • How old you look: 16 • Rate: uhhm. 7 or 8? • Best feature: Smile, obvi • Would I stay up late for you: Yess • Are we close: Did they really ask me that? • Are you worth my time: Lol of course • Would I talk to you: I frequently do • Do I love you: Yess • What are we: Best friends! • Do I like your profile picture: Lol yes its really creepy • Do I trust you: I do. • First Impression: Really nice (: • Best Memory: Giving you like 5 hugs at one game • Would I date you: uhhhmm... i guess? i dont know • Have you ever made me laugh or smile: yes • Have you ever made me mad: no • Name in my phone: Dont have your number • Should you put this as your status: why not
ah jew jokes
Thats cool Fox News Channel, don't respond to my e-mail...
Sweatshirts, and Yeah, I still have a few left if you're interested
because you survive!!! its smarter just to become a zombie. theyre awesome
Ahahahaha hed get soooo mad
hahahahahaha, little more than a tad racist...
Don't be a hater jack
8
hahahah shutup. i can make it 20x worse for you!
me too :)
U stink franceschi
read color of water and the great gatsby
jk!!! hahaha
So what?
isn't this on his wall?
so now can i make fun of you for messing up the first time?
why thankyou! something must be wrong with facebook ;)
Real talk
The fightin' 10th district
the bowtie
It's photo #69, just sayin...
Well, I could be wrong, but I believe diversity is an old old wooden ship that was used during the Civil War era.
Lol omg Katie told me a funny story bout that.
obviously, i have never felt so popular hahaha
in soviet russia browser keeps tabs on you!!
Thomas Franceschi: Legend, Lax Bro, Fox Lover.
So amazing to see these guys chasing the dream. check out their music on this page. Jason Garske is quite the rapper ;)
i'm so jealous. like i would actually come over except i'm eight hours away and would never make it in time
If you are what you eat, are cannibals the only normal people?
I need help. I blame this on you. I think they're following me.
TCU? Santa Clara?
Back to school in 9 hours... Ugh I'm too tired to think of a witty remark about break ending. I'll think of one during first period while I take a nap.
i have bio with you
i ate at de la
u and me both gunna be looking like tools
Hahaha nahh. It's okay cause then I'll know your lying and it doesn't necessarily mean I'm doing bad w my grades either :P haha
yeahhh...
thanks kayla!
alright ched. im fine with that
The thing thats wrong with this picture is you cut me out of it!
Friday? yeah
This would've been perfect in the yearbook!!!
y dnt u jst fap
eh notso fast bromosapien
me too haha all those high ranking schools going after us lol
whats up sexy
I have more than 87
it means that colorado and cal are in the same conference
Classes?
Couldn't agree more with grant
Haha thanks. I try :)
Cameron William Crane Cozort you know JFK was a democrat right?...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaRBsioq52I&feature=relmfu
Idk haha but I follow him an he has funny ones
Quinn is thuggish
im not
to add to that i did it yesterday
A Thomas Franceschi(ish) Status of The Day Mom: All you do is sit on that computer! Thomas: Lies! I sit on the chair! I woulda retweeted to you but someones to much of a fb whore to go on twitter :P
hahaha its alright
Duh
Ya. And you'll kill me to do so.
Robbie McAdam
getting a bad grade in honors doesnt either. just sayin
hes so weird
yeah, for my geometry final essentially each question is worth over 1% of my overall grade. not cool...
This is my 10 minute Facebook break
Don't worry nelly he never responds to me either:P
thomas quit being in denial, you're an everything whore
ouch
lair of the bear 2012!
Adam sings an original song about Sandler Update Song Hanukkah.
GONNA WEAR IT !!! :D thanks
martha?
Ehh..
he gets paid to
made me think of you..lol
Truth is, Thomas, is you get me in trouble in Italian& I think YOU should make ME sandwich. & I'm glad we're talking :-)
It's okay, Thomas. My ramblings and ponderings contain many things strange.
I hate the timeline... although it does make stalking u much easier hahaha :D
barely in ot
There was a FOX on my Starbucks cup today....I again yelled Thomas in the middle of the store...again people thought I was crazy. Lol
Don't tempt me Westley....
ahhhh!!!!
"THOMAS!" You stare at me blankly... "Oh soorry I just saw brett and pey holding hands and now I am happy." "OH ME TOO YAY"
Hulu?
I knew he was still alive...
thomas i kinda miss you im not going to lie. because i never see you. except that one time at the de la salle game on friday when you made the short pun. thats what i get when i act excited to see you...
i take spanish so my teachers better. Nicholson for the winnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
I finished my homework before 7:30? This won't last long...
did i hear weed? i have no weed! STOP ASKING FRUSTRATING QUESTIONS!!! what? haha, did i hear weed? i have no weed! STOP ASKING FRUSTRATING QUESTIONS!!! what? haha, did i hear weed?.....
ps i now love u cuz u have skyrim
katie ...... do u seriously have skyrim? :D
I'm touched that you saw a complete stranger and thought of me. Hahaha I don't think so
-_-
yes i do :D
Shun the nonbeliever!!!
Si...
of white people jk jk
Uhm hello, pronunciation guides? U know those things in the dictionary? Thats the only way we know how to say things. Plus, deaf people can read... So they hav to know what the words sound lie
Ahh I havent gone there at lunch yet but I will soon
im taking your no response as a yes ;)
haha god no
....we need help.... :(
okay. youre probly right
Oh.
:D
I dont eat that murder very happily
I actually just read them. Agree, well, that's debateable
For the past three days I've gotten five or six letters a day. I'm a tad freaked out.
but they dont know what they sound like because they cant he
soory bro! textin right now
It's a joke Melissa :)
Truth is, it's nice to see you every once in a while
I wish! Haha
ive known about it forever too, i just finally decided to post it
WELL YOU SHOULD HAVE.
but hes a laxbro, thats a deep bond we share
Justin Fairfield
prepare for war
Now this is my kind of rap
alot
dont pout Thomas its not going anywhere.
i made that part up. Lol!
the broncos won because chuck norris said they would.
ok times up!
Ahhhhh!!!!
logic #winning
Btw i never got my sandwich...
thanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SO5Y1OuQIxo
she's great. still jazzercising. im having a great summer, went to san luis obispo, then italy, and i just got back from a camping trip
Bout to watch christmas mass on TV. Apparently that's acceptable nowadays...
Haha thanks bro, I'm doin better
if it means saving more than one other person, just sayin. 2>1 simple math
Only for a bit
well i asked dane. but i didnt know he said the same to you... lol he couldnt just say " you guys are gonna have to move
Support our quad hockey team tomorrow!
yea but it screws everything p.
Well in my defense Michelle Bachman is literally crazy...
yeah, I feel like eating crows wouldn't be so great. (And sorry about the pun, Alex, I don't mean to diminish the respectability of vegetarianism)
im always right...
good vibration? like Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch?
I'm so proud that my neighbors is exercising his right to set off fireworks at 1 AM. Because that's what out forefathers fought for.
i know. i didnt know a white person could be too white to sing a song written by another white person. lol
i dont know robbie very well. this is awkward. i guess we'll become initiated soon?
